'flowers' is the Patient, and 'my wife is the 'Recipient'. In this sentence the only word that marks a case relation is 'to'. English often marks case relations by their position in the sentence. Some languages mark case relations by affixes, prepositions, postpositions, and sometimes special verbs. To completely describe a language, each verb must be investigated, all its case relations must be identified, and all the ways in which these relations are marked must be described. Since verbs are often unique and unpredictable in their case relations, this information should go into the dictionary. This section should be used to classify the words and affixes that are used to mark case relations. This domain should be used for technical terms that refer to case.
'Japan' is an English word and should go into an English dictionary. But 'Nihon' is not an English word and should not go in the dictionary.
'Quarrel'.
-ed, (in English vowel replacement is also used to indicate past tense, e.g. run, ran)
-ing, -'s...-ing,  -ing...of, to, 
-ing, -ed, -s 
-s
-s, -ed, -ing 
-s, -en 
"have," "of," and the possessive suffix "-'s." The basic meaning of these words in English is 'to own', but they can mean many other things too. For instance they can mean that I am related to someone (I have a brother), something has a part (birds have wings), and many other ideas. There is also a set of pronouns in English that are like nouns ending in -'s (my/mine, your/yours, his, her/hers, its, our/ours, their/theirs, whose). Use this domain for these general words.
"Is X true?" "<I think so>.";  X is true, <as far as I know>.;  <To the best of my knowledge>, X is true.;  <As far as I'm aware>, X is true.
"John built a house for his parents," the house is the Patient. It is the house that benefits the parents, not the building of the house.
(1) ability: the agent of the verb has the mental or physical ability to complete the action of the main verb.
(1) Conditional sentences: Conditional sentences consist of two clauses, the 'if'-clause or protasis (which is a subordinate clause) and the 'then'-clause or apodosis (which is the main clause). Both of these clauses may take special verb forms. (Interestingly enough, they sometime both take the same special verb forms.)
(1) direct evidence: the speaker claims to have witnessed the situation, but does not specify the type of sensory evidence.
(1) habitual: the situation is customary or usual, repeated on different occasion over a period of time. English 'used to' is past habitual; English 'Nancy sings' is present habitual.
(1) How do mammals eat?
(1) How do mammals move?
(1) imperative: the verb form used for direct commands in the 2nd person. If there are also 1st and 3rd person forms, the meaning can still be that of imperative, with the 1st and 3rd persons being interpreted as 'Let us, let him...', etc.
(1) possibility: the speaker is indicating that the situation described in the proposition is possibly true. Some markers with this meaning also indicate future time: 'He may arrive late because of the weather; It may snow again tomorrow; She could have already taken it'.
(1) present: the situation occurs simultaneously with the moment of speech.
(1) resulting state (resultative): action in the past produces a state that persists into the present.
(1) state exists: the state is begun before reference time and continues after reference time.
(1) subordinating: Often there are special verb forms or morphemes associated with the verb that occur obligatorily in subordinate clauses of certain types. The extent to which such morphemes can be said to have "meaning" varies, since they often co-occur with other markers of subordination. Their function is primarily to signal the type of subordinate clause.
(1) There are a variety of adverbial clauses (other than conditional clauses) that sometimes require a special verb form. The meaning labels for these uses are coded according to the type of clause (purpose, concessive, etc.), whether any particular temporal deixis is part of the meaning, and under "co-occurrence restrictions," whether a particular conjunction is present. The types of clauses we might run into are:
(1) What adverbs are in your language?
(1) What affixes are in your language?
(1) What affixes can be joined to nouns?
(1) What affixes can be joined to verbs?
(1) What are the adjectives in your language?
(1) What are the basic parts of all plants?
(1) What are the cardinal numbers? (the numbers you use when you count)
(1) What are the common nicknames?
(1) What are the functions of government?
(1) What are the given names used by people in the language group?
(1) What are the names of the cities in the language area?
(1) What are the names of the continents?
(1) What are the names of the days of the week?
(1) What are the names of the languages spoken in the area?
(1) What are the names of the months of the year?
(1) What are the names of the mountains in the language area?
(1) What are the names of the oceans?
(1) What are the names of the planets?
(1) What are the names of the regions in the area?
(1) What are the names of the rivers in the language area?
(1) What are the names of the streets in the language area?
(1) What are the ordinal numbers?
(1) What are the parts of a bird?
(1) What are the parts of fish?
(1) What are the parts of insects?
(1) What are the parts of reptiles?
(1) What are the parts of shellfish?
(1) What are the parts of the heart?
(1) What are the parts of the stomach?
(1) What are the proper names of the clans?
(1) What are the proper names of the countries where your language is spoken?
(1) What are the proper names of the neighboring tribes?
(1) What are the steps in preparing food?
(1) What are the terms of endearment?
(1) What are the units of currency?
(1) What birds are domesticated?
(1) What conjunctions are in your language?
(1) What conjunctions join two clauses?
(1) What conjunctions join two sentences?
(1) What conjunctions join two words within a phrase?
(1) What derivational affixes are there?
(1) What devices and machines are used to communicate?
(1) What discourse markers are in your language?
(1) What do fires produce?
(1) What do police do to suspected criminals?
(1) What do spies do?
(1) What does a person do when he is in trouble?
(1) What does a potter do with clay?
(1) What does the nose produce?
(1) What does the potter do with the glass?
(1) What equipment is used to catch fish?
(1) What general words can replace an adjective?
(1) What general words can replace an adverb?
(1) What general words refer to a body of water?
(1) What general words refer to a bone?
(1) What general words refer to a ceremony?
(1) What general words refer to a direction of the compass?
(1) What general words refer to a disaster?
(1) What general words refer to a festival?
(1) What general words refer to a fire?
(1) What general words refer to a fraction of something?
(1) What general words refer to a government organization?
(1) What general words refer to a house where people live?
(1) What general words refer to a part of something?
(1) What general words refer to a period of time?
(1) What general words refer to a person's mental state?
(1) What general words refer to a person's personality?
(1) What general words refer to a person's posture?
(1) What general words refer to a person's status?
(1) What general words refer to a person who works?
(1) What general words refer to a rock?
(1) What general words refer to a room in a building?
(1) What general words refer to a season of the year?
(1) What general words refer to a social event?
(1) What general words refer to a storm?
(1) What general words refer to a thing?
(1) What general words refer to a time when people eat?
(1) What general words refer to a weapon?
(1) What general words refer to alcoholic beverages?
(1) What general words refer to all animals?
(1) What general words refer to amphibians?
(1) What general words refer to an official religion?
(1) What general words refer to animals that live in the water?
(1) What general words refer to bats?
(1) What general words refer to birds?
(1) What general words refer to bushes?
(1) What general words refer to business?
(1) What general words refer to carnivores?
(1) What general words refer to carrying something?
(1) What general words refer to changing your behavior?
(1) What general words refer to clothes worn on a special occasion?
(1) What general words refer to clothing?
(1) What general words refer to communicating?
(1) What general words refer to conflict between people?
(1) What general words refer to cooking utensils?
(1) What general words refer to culture?
(1) What general words refer to cutting something?
(1) What general words refer to drinking?
(1) What general words refer to dying?
(1) What general words refer to eating food?
(1) What general words refer to financial transactions?
(1) What general words refer to food?
(1) What general words refer to furniture?
(1) What general words refer to gas?
(1) What general words refer to government?
(1) What general words refer to hoofed animals?
(1) What general words refer to how people act in relationship to each other?
(1) What general words refer to hunting wild animals?
(1) What general words refer to ingredients?
(1) What general words refer to insects?
(1) What general words refer to jewels?
(1) What general words refer to killing someone?
(1) What general words refer to laughing?
(1) What general words refer to liquid?
(1) What general words refer to lizards?
(1) What general words refer to making a building?
(1) What general words refer to making an impact on something?
(1) What general words refer to making yourself look better?
(1) What general words refer to mammals?
(1) What general words refer to marsupials?
(1) What general words refer to matter?
(1) What general words refer to meat?
(1) What general words refer to medicine?
(1) What general words refer to mental and verbal activity?
(1) What general words refer to metal?
(1) What general words refer to minerals?
(1) What general words refer to moss, fungus, and algae?
(1) What general words refer to moving in a direction?
(1) What general words refer to moving something in a direction?
(1) What general words refer to moving your body to a different location?
(1) What general words refer to music?
(1) What general words refer to narcotics?
(1) What general words refer to oil?
(1) What general words refer to one time in relation to another time?
(1) What general words refer to part of a longer time period?
(1) What general words refer to physical actions?
(1) What general words refer to poison?
(1) What general words refer to prepared food?
(1) What general words refer to primates?
(1) What general words refer to prosperity and trouble?
(1) What general words refer to reading and writing?
(1) What general words refer to rearing a child?
(1) What general words refer to removing dirt from something?
(1) What general words refer to reptiles?
(1) What general words refer to rodents?
(1) What general words refer to running?
(1) What general words refer to science?
(1) What general words refer to sea mammals?
(1) What general words refer to seeds that are eaten?
(1) What general words refer to sexual immorality?
(1) What general words refer to sexual relations?
(1) What general words refer to small animals such as worms?
(1) What general words refer to small plants?
(1) What general words refer to snakes?
(1) What general words refer to social activities?
(1) What general words refer to someone doing something?
(1) What general words refer to spice?
(1) What general words refer to spiders?
(1) What general words refer to stimulants?
(1) What general words refer to supernatural beings?
(1) What general words refer to the class of pronouns?
(1) What general words refer to the condition of the body?
(1) What general words refer to the difference between male and female?
(1) What general words refer to the entire leg?
(1) What general words refer to the fingers and toes?
(1) What general words refer to the functions of the body?
(1) What general words refer to the internal organs?
(1) What general words refer to the law?
(1) What general words refer to the name of a person, place, or thing?
(1) What general words refer to the parts of an animal?
(1) What general words refer to the process leading up to birth?
(1) What general words refer to the quality or condition of something?
(1) What general words refer to the reproductive organs?
(1) What general words refer to the shape of something?
(1) What general words refer to the skin?
(1) What general words refer to the soft tissue?
(1) What general words refer to the sounds of animals?
(1) What general words refer to the state or condition of something?
(1) What general words refer to the things in a house?
(1) What general words refer to the way in which a person moves?
(1) What general words refer to the wind?
(1) What general words refer to things people do for fun?
(1) What general words refer to things people drink?
(1) What general words refer to thinking?
(1) What general words refer to time?
(1) What general words refer to tools?
(1) What general words refer to traditional clothing?
(1) What general words refer to trees?
(1) What general words refer to turtles?
(1) What general words refer to using the hands to do something to an object?
(1) What general words refer to walking?
(1) What general words refer to water?
(1) What general words refer to where an animal lives?
(1) What general words refer to work?
(1) What general words refer to working with materials?
(1) What general words refer to working with plants?
(1) What general words refer to working?
(1) What general words relate two nouns?
(1) What idiophones are in your language?
(1) What interjections are in your language?
(1) What is a court of law called?
(1) What is a drop of water called?
(1) What is a person called who believes in a religion?
(1) What is a person called who does not believe in a religion?
(1) What is a person called who works with metal?
(1) What is the game called?
(1) What is the general term for making a decision by chance?
(1) What is the general term for musical instrument?
(1) What is the king's family called?
(1) What is the person called who is the highest ruler in the country?
(1) What is the place or home of God called?
(1) What is the sport called?
(1) What kinds of beds are there?
(1) What kinds of cabinets are there?
(1) What kinds of chairs are there?
(1) What kinds of traps are there?
(1) What kinds of vehicles are there?
(1) What materials are used to make a building?
(1) What names are used by all the members of a family?
(1) What other work is done in the sea?
(1) What particles are in your language?
(1) What plant products are used for building?
(1) What prepositions are in your language?
(1) What pronouns are used in questions?
(1) What pronouns are used in relative clauses?
(1) What pronouns are used to indicate a particular referent?
(1) What pronouns are used to show respect or a lack of respect?
(1) What pronouns express indefinite reference of a person?
(1) What pronouns express reflexive reference?
(1) What special clothes are worn by police or soldiers?
(1) What species of anteaters are there?
(1) What species of crocodiles are there?
(1) What things are done to animals?
(1) What things are used to decorate a house?
(1) What tools are used for carrying things?
(1) What tools are used for cutting plants?
(1) What tools are used for holding things?
(1) What tools are used for lifting things?
(1) What types of animal diseases are there?
(1) What types of beasts of burden are there?
(1) What types of boats are there?
(1) What types of buildings are there?
(1) What types of cutting tools are there?
(1) What types of digging tools are there?
(1) What types of diseases occur in plants?
(1) What types of fruit are eaten?
(1) What types of houses are there?
(1) What types of leaves are eaten?
(1) What types of milk products are eaten?
(1) What types of mountains are there?
(1) What types of pounding tools are there?
(1) What types of religious objects are there?
(1) What types of roads are there?
(1) What types of roots are eaten?
(1) What types of rope and string are there?
(1) What types of sharks and rays are there?
(1) What types of tables are there?
(1) What types of valleys are there?
(1) What types of vegetables are eaten?
(1) What types of waves are there?
(1) What useful things are produced by animals?
(1) What words (intransitive verbs) indicate that something has ended?
(1) What words are used for printed displays of the year?
(1) What words are used for short sayings or questions that have a meaning that someone has to figure out?
(1) What words are used for the craft?
(1) What words are used for throwing something away?
(1) What words are used of a person starting a fire?
(1) What words are used of being asleep?
(1) What words are used of being unsure of the truth of something?
(1) What words are used of causing people to meet together?
(1) What words are used of dividing one number by another number?
(1) What words are used of dividing something into parts?
(1) What words are used of not punishing someone who has been found guilty?
(1) What words are used of play?
(1) What words are used of playing music?
(1) What words are used of storing wealth?
(1) What words are used of the action of acquitting a person?
(1) What words are used of the action of condemning a person?
(1) What words are used of the action of judging a person?
(1) What words are used to affirm the truth of something?
(1) What words are used to describe a tooth that has gone bad?
(1) What words are used to describe the coloring of an animal?
(1) What words are used to describe the formation of a friendship?
(1) What words are used to describe the process of caring for the nails?
(1) What words are used to get someone's attention?
(1) What words are used to identify a specific case?
(1) What words are used to indicate a change of state?
(1) What words are used to indicate an attribute of something?
(1) What words are used to indicate that a negative answer is expected to a question?
(1) What words are used to indicate that an affirmative answer is expected to a question?
(1) What words are used to indicate that an event or state that will continue forever?
(1) What words are used to indicate that something exists?
(1) What words are used to indicate that something has begun?
(1) What words are used to indicate that something is being done intensely?
(1) What words are used to indicate that two people are related?
(1) What words are used to indicate that you do something yourself, rather than through someone else?
(1) What words are used to join two clauses or sentences without specifying the relationship between them?
(1) What words are used to negate the truth of something?
(1) What words are used to refer to case?
(1) What words are used to refer to changing something?
(1) What words are used to refer to people who are not related to you by blood or marriage?
(1) What words are used to refer to someone whose husband or wife has died?
(1) What words are used to refer to the action of taking a bath?
(1) What words are used to refer to the future?
(1) What words are used to refer to the person you are married to?
(1) What words are used to refer to the sky?
(1) What words are used to refer to the stars?
(1) What words are used to talk about Animism?
(1) What words are used to talk about Buddhism?
(1) What words are used to talk about Christianity?
(1) What words are used to talk about Hinduism?
(1) What words are used to talk about Islam?
(1) What words are used to talk about Judaism?
(1) What words are used when a speaker hesitates or pauses to think?
(1) What words are used when you start talking to someone?
(1) What words can be used in the place of any word?
(1) What words describe a big area?
(1) What words describe a big container?
(1) What words describe a country that is independent?
(1) What words describe a difficult task?
(1) What words describe a group of things that are different?
(1) What words describe a light that is bright?
(1) What words describe a loud sound?
(1) What words describe a method that is effective?
(1) What words describe a modern machine or system?
(1) What words describe a number or amount that is approximate?
(1) What words describe a number or amount that is exact?
(1) What words describe a person's inability to do a job?
(1) What words describe a person's participation in a group?
(1) What words describe a person or animal that is old?
(1) What words describe a person or animal that is young?
(1) What words describe a person who cannot be relied on to do what he should?
(1) What words describe a person who does not control himself?
(1) What words describe a person who does not think well?
(1) What words describe a person who does things without other people's help?
(1) What words describe a person who is alone?
(1) What words describe a person who is busy and has a lot to do?
(1) What words describe a person who is cautious?
(1) What words describe a person who is determined to be successful?
(1) What words describe a person who is good?
(1) What words describe a person who is healthy?
(1) What words describe a person who is often bad-tempered?
(1) What words describe a person who is strong?
(1) What words describe a person who treats other people equally?
(1) What words describe a place where there is no light?
(1) What words describe a quiet sound?
(1) What words describe a way of working that is efficient?
(1) What words describe a woman who is beautiful?
(1) What words describe an action that is done quickly?
(1) What words describe an action that is done slowly?
(1) What words describe food that is prohibited?
(1) What words describe high status?
(1) What words describe salt water versus fresh water?
(1) What words describe someone that many people like?
(1) What words describe someone who cannot see well?
(1) What words describe someone who does not tell the truth?
(1) What words describe someone who is bad?
(1) What words describe someone who is blind?
(1) What words describe someone who is careful?
(1) What words describe someone who is careless in his work?
(1) What words describe someone who is crazy?
(1) What words describe someone who is cruel?
(1) What words describe someone who is deaf?
(1) What words describe someone who is energetic?
(1) What words describe someone who is faithful?
(1) What words describe someone who is fat?
(1) What words describe someone who is good?
(1) What words describe someone who is honest?
(1) What words describe someone who is humble?
(1) What words describe someone who is immature?
(1) What words describe someone who is impatient?
(1) What words describe someone who is impolite?
(1) What words describe someone who is in a straight posture?
(1) What words describe someone who is lazy?
(1) What words describe someone who is mature?
(1) What words describe someone who is mentally ill?
(1) What words describe someone who is not good looking?
(1) What words describe someone who is patient?
(1) What words describe someone who is polite?
(1) What words describe someone who is reliable?
(1) What words describe someone who is self-controlled?
(1) What words describe someone who is selfish?
(1) What words describe someone who is selfless?
(1) What words describe someone who is sensible?
(1) What words describe someone who is stubborn?
(1) What words describe someone who is thin?
(1) What words describe someone who is tidy?
(1) What words describe someone who is tired?
(1) What words describe someone who is uncaring?
(1) What words describe someone who is unfriendly?
(1) What words describe someone who is untidy?
(1) What words describe someone who is violent?
(1) What words describe someone who is weak?
(1) What words describe someone who moves in a clumsy way?
(1) What words describe someone who moves in a graceful way?
(1) What words describe someone who practices his religion with devotion?
(1) What words describe someone who thinks well?
(1) What words describe something in a horizontal position?
(1) What words describe something in a leaning position?
(1) What words describe something in a vertical position?
(1) What words describe something made by hand?
(1) What words describe something made by people?
(1) What words describe something or someone that is known to someone?
(1) What words describe something that can be seen through?
(1) What words describe something that can be understood?
(1) What words describe something that can move?
(1) What words describe something that cannot be understood?
(1) What words describe something that has many different colors?
(1) What words describe something that has no meaning?
(1) What words describe something that is bad in quality?
(1) What words describe something that is basic?
(1) What words describe something that is better than something else?
(1) What words describe something that is big?
(1) What words describe something that is black in color?
(1) What words describe something that is blunt?
(1) What words describe something that is clean?
(1) What words describe something that is cold?
(1) What words describe something that is common?
(1) What words describe something that is concave?
(1) What words describe something that is convenient?
(1) What words describe something that is convex?
(1) What words describe something that is decorated?
(1) What words describe something that is deep?
(1) What words describe something that is dense?
(1) What words describe something that is dry?
(1) What words describe something that is easy to do?
(1) What words describe something that is empty?
(1) What words describe something that is fashionable?
(1) What words describe something that is first in order or time?
(1) What words describe something that is flat?
(1) What words describe something that is free?
(1) What words describe something that is full?
(1) What words describe something that is gray in color?
(1) What words describe something that is hard?
(1) What words describe something that is heavy?
(1) What words describe something that is high?
(1) What words describe something that is hollow?
(1) What words describe something that is hot?
(1) What words describe something that is important?
(1) What words describe something that is less than another thing in number or amount?
(1) What words describe something that is light?
(1) What words describe something that is long?
(1) What words describe something that is loose?
(1) What words describe something that is low?
(1) What words describe something that is narrow?
(1) What words describe something that is natural?
(1) What words describe something that is neither good nor bad?
(1) What words describe something that is new?
(1) What words describe something that is not easily broken?
(1) What words describe something that is not easy to bend?
(1) What words describe something that is not like anything else?
(1) What words describe something that is not moving?
(1) What words describe something that is old fashioned?
(1) What words describe something that is old?
(1) What words describe something that is perfect?
(1) What words describe something that is physical?
(1) What words describe something that is pleasing and awe inspiring in appearance?
(1) What words describe something that is pointed?
(1) What words describe something that is proper?
(1) What words describe something that is pure?
(1) What words describe something that is real?
(1) What words describe something that is rough?
(1) What words describe something that is round?
(1) What words describe something that is sharp?
(1) What words describe something that is shiny?
(1) What words describe something that is short?
(1) What words describe something that is simple and does not have a lot of decorations?
(1) What words describe something that is simple?
(1) What words describe something that is small?
(1) What words describe something that is smooth?
(1) What words describe something that is soft?
(1) What words describe something that is special?
(1) What words describe something that is square?
(1) What words describe something that is straight?
(1) What words describe something that is strange?
(1) What words describe something that is stuck?
(1) What words describe something that is symmetrical?
(1) What words describe something that is tall?
(1) What words describe something that is thick?
(1) What words describe something that is thin?
(1) What words describe something that is tight?
(1) What words describe something that is two or three times the amount of something else?
(1) What words describe something that is unsuitable?
(1) What words describe something that is unusual?
(1) What words describe something that is useful?
(1) What words describe something that is useless?
(1) What words describe something that is usual?
(1) What words describe something that is wet?
(1) What words describe something that is white in color?
(1) What words describe something that is wide?
(1) What words describe something that is worse than something else?
(1) What words describe something that only concerns you?
(1) What words describe something that you have enough of?
(1) What words describe speech that someone cannot understand?
(1) What words describe strong opinions and beliefs, which most people regard as extreme?
(1) What words describe the only person or thing?
(1) What words describe the states of matter?
(1) What words describe the style of your clothing?
(1) What words describe the surface of the water when it is calm?
(1) What words describe things that are compatible?
(1) What words describe things that are disorganized?
(1) What words describe thinking that is logical?
(1) What words describe two things that are different?
(1) What words describe two things that are opposite?
(1) What words describe two things that are similar?
(1) What words express the fact that something is derived from another?
(1) What words express the fact that something is logically dependent on another?
(1) What words focus especially on one of several things?
(1) What words indicate a large degree?
(1) What words indicate a person who accompanied the person who is the subject of the clause?
(1) What words indicate a small degree?
(1) What words indicate alternative relation?
(1) What words indicate an event?
(1) What words indicate association?
(1) What words indicate attendant circumstances?
(1) What words indicate combinative relation?
(1) What words indicate dissociation?
(1) What words indicate distribution?
(1) What words indicate equivalence?
(1) What words indicate how often something happens?
(1) What words indicate some of a group of things or people?
(1) What words indicate someone who goes somewhere with another person?
(1) What words indicate that a person recognizes he has done wrong?
(1) What words indicate that a phrase or sentence is important?
(1) What words indicate that a situation exists now?
(1) What words indicate that a situation happened at the same place as another situation?
(1) What words indicate that a statement agrees with reality?
(1) What words indicate that although something is true, it almost is not true?
(1) What words indicate that an event happened a short time ago?
(1) What words indicate that an event happens again?
(1) What words indicate that an event happens last?
(1) What words indicate that an event happens next?
(1) What words indicate that an event happens sometimes?
(1) What words indicate that an event has happened once?
(1) What words indicate that an event has not happened yet?
(1) What words indicate that an event will happen soon?
(1) What words indicate that maybe something may happen or is true?
(1) What words indicate that one thing corresponds to another?
(1) What words indicate that one thing is the basis for another?
(1) What words indicate that some people do something together?
(1) What words indicate that someone caused something to happen?
(1) What words indicate that someone does something immediately?
(1) What words indicate that someone is able to do something?
(1) What words indicate that someone is certain about something?
(1) What words indicate that someone wants to do something, but is not able to do it?
(1) What words indicate that something always happens?
(1) What words indicate that something belongs to a class of things?
(1) What words indicate that something cannot be done?
(1) What words indicate that something contains something?
(1) What words indicate that something eventually happened?
(1) What words indicate that something had no result?
(1) What words indicate that something happened during some time period?
(1) What words indicate that something happens after a particular time or event?
(1) What words indicate that something happens before a particular event?
(1) What words indicate that something happens early?
(1) What words indicate that something happens for a long time?
(1) What words indicate that something happens for a short time?
(1) What words indicate that something happens late?
(1) What words indicate that something happens on time?
(1) What words indicate that something happens or a situation exists all the time?
(1) What words indicate that something happens regularly?
(1) What words indicate that something has no cause or reason?
(1) What words indicate that something is above something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is across from something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is almost a particular number or amount?
(1) What words indicate that something is around something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is becoming larger in degree?
(1) What words indicate that something is becoming smaller in degree?
(1) What words indicate that something is beside something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is between two other things?
(1) What words indicate that something is certainly true?
(1) What words indicate that something is done in groups?
(1) What words indicate that something is done partly?
(1) What words indicate that something is done to a complete degree?
(1) What words indicate that something is far from something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is generally true?
(1) What words indicate that something is in back of something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is in front of something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is in something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is moving away from something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is moving toward something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is near something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is necessary?
(1) What words indicate that something is next to another?
(1) What words indicate that something is not included in a group, rule, or pattern?
(1) What words indicate that something is on something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is outside of something else?
(1) What words indicate that something is possible?
(1) What words indicate that something is true of one thing instead of another thing?
(1) What words indicate that something is uncertain?
(1) What words indicate that something is under something that is directly above it?
(1) What words indicate that something is whole?
(1) What words indicate that something or someone is in a particular place?
(1) What words indicate that something or someone is not in a particular place?
(1) What words indicate that something seems to be a certain way, but you are unsure?
(1) What words indicate that something starts to happen after a particular time and then continues?
(1) What words indicate that something that never happens?
(1) What words indicate that something will happen until something else happens?
(1) What words indicate that something will only last for some time and then end?
(1) What words indicate that something will probably happen?
(1) What words indicate that the sentence is a question?
(1) What words indicate that the speaker is conceding a point?
(1) What words indicate that the speaker is encouraging or inciting someone to action.
(1) What words indicate that the speaker thinks that something tends to be a certain way?
(1) What words indicate that there is a large amount of something?
(1) What words indicate that there is a small amount of something?
(1) What words indicate that there is more than one of something?
(1) What words indicate that there is no purpose to an action?
(1) What words indicate that two people do something to each other?
(1) What words indicate that two things happen at the same time?
(1) What words indicate that two things or situations are connected somehow?
(1) What words indicate that you are adding another thought to a previous one?
(1) What words indicate that you think it is very unlikely that something is true or will happen?
(1) What words indicate that you think something is true, but you are not completely sure about it?
(1) What words indicate the class of something?
(1) What words indicate the direction backward?
(1) What words indicate the direction forward?
(1) What words indicate the Goal of movement?
(1) What words indicate the intended purpose of something?
(1) What words indicate the location of an event?
(1) What words indicate the means by which something is done?
(1) What words indicate the number of times something has happened? ("He fell down three times.")
(1) What words indicate the Path of movement?
(1) What words indicate the place where someone was born?
(1) What words indicate the result of something?
(1) What words indicate the Source of movement?
(1) What words indicate the specific area or topic that is being talked about?
(1) What words indicate the subject of a sentence?
(1) What words indicate the way you do something or the way something is done?
(1) What words indicate who is evaluating the proposition?
(1) What words intensify an attribute?
(1) What words mark something that is used with another thing?
(1) What words mark the beneficiary of a Patient?
(1) What words mark the beneficiary of an event?
(1) What words mark the instrument used to do something?
(1) What words mark the recipient of a patient?
(1) What words modify an attribute?
(1) What words reason why someone does something?
(1) What words refer announcing something?
(1) What words refer fasting?
(1) What words refer to a blemish in something?
(1) What words refer to a ceremony celebrating a child's birth?
(1) What words refer to a child (from birth to puberty)?
(1) What words refer to a child who is born to an unmarried woman?
(1) What words refer to a child whose parents have died?
(1) What words refer to a citizen of a country?
(1) What words refer to a city?
(1) What words refer to a class?
(1) What words refer to a cloud?
(1) What words refer to a community?
(1) What words refer to a container?
(1) What words refer to a country?
(1) What words refer to a covenant?
(1) What words refer to a crack?
(1) What words refer to a crowd?
(1) What words refer to a cultural restriction on behavior?
(1) What words refer to a custom?
(1) What words refer to a day?
(1) What words refer to a dead body?
(1) What words refer to a direction?
(1) What words refer to a disciple following someone?
(1) What words refer to a disease?
(1) What words refer to a domesticated animal?
(1) What words refer to a facial expression?
(1) What words refer to a fence or wall?
(1) What words refer to a fire burning?
(1) What words refer to a fire stopping?
(1) What words refer to a foreigner?
(1) What words refer to a fort?
(1) What words refer to a funeral?
(1) What words refer to a furrow?
(1) What words refer to a game?
(1) What words refer to a girlfriend or boyfriend?
(1) What words refer to a governing body?
(1) What words refer to a government official?
(1) What words refer to a group of a particular number?
(1) What words refer to a group of mammals?
(1) What words refer to a group of things?
(1) What words refer to a habit?
(1) What words refer to a holiday?
(1) What words refer to a lack of respect?
(1) What words refer to a language?
(1) What words refer to a large or important meal?
(1) What words refer to a law?
(1) What words refer to a legal contract?
(1) What words refer to a letter?
(1) What words refer to a light source shining?
(1) What words refer to a limb?
(1) What words refer to a line?
(1) What words refer to a list of things?
(1) What words refer to a male or female animal?
(1) What words refer to a man causing a woman to become pregnant?
(1) What words refer to a man?
(1) What words refer to a map?
(1) What words refer to a meeting?
(1) What words refer to a method of doing something?
(1) What words refer to a mistake?
(1) What words refer to a month?
(1) What words refer to a mother giving birth?
(1) What words refer to a name for something?
(1) What words refer to a natural ability to know what to do?
(1) What words refer to a part of something?
(1) What words refer to a pattern?
(1) What words refer to a person's occupation?
(1) What words refer to a person's opinions and feelings about something?
(1) What words refer to a person's race?
(1) What words refer to a person's reputation?
(1) What words refer to a person's voice?
(1) What words refer to a person (or animal) who only eats meat?
(1) What words refer to a person in authority?
(1) What words refer to a person who has never had sex?
(1) What words refer to a person who performs music?
(1) What words refer to a person who takes care of the sick?
(1) What words refer to a person who tries to get people to buy something?
(1) What words refer to a person who works on a farm?
(1) What words refer to a person who works on water pipes?
(1) What words refer to a piece of something?
(1) What words refer to a place near the speaker?
(1) What words refer to a place that is dedicated to God?
(1) What words refer to a place where the sick and injured are treated?
(1) What words refer to a place where things are sold?
(1) What words refer to a place where water comes out of the ground?
(1) What words refer to a planet?
(1) What words refer to a plant that is used as a medicine?
(1) What words refer to a point?
(1) What words refer to a political party?
(1) What words refer to a price that seems high?
(1) What words refer to a price that seems low?
(1) What words refer to a prisoner of war?
(1) What words refer to a problem?
(1) What words refer to a railroad?
(1) What words refer to a region or a country?
(1) What words refer to a relationship between people who work together?
(1) What words refer to a relaxed posture?
(1) What words refer to a saying?
(1) What words refer to a scar or mark deliberately made to decorate the body?
(1) What words refer to a school?
(1) What words refer to a series of things, events, numbers or people?
(1) What words refer to a set of beliefs about truth?
(1) What words refer to a shadow?
(1) What words refer to a single member of the human race?
(1) What words refer to a slave?
(1) What words refer to a social group?
(1) What words refer to a soldier?
(1) What words refer to a sore in the skin?
(1) What words refer to a special day of the year?
(1) What words refer to a story?
(1) What words refer to a subject that is taught?
(1) What words refer to a symptom?
(1) What words refer to a test?
(1) What words refer to a time of the day?
(1) What words refer to a time when there is little or no rain?
(1) What words refer to a time when there is too much rain?
(1) What words refer to a title used to address a person?
(1) What words refer to a tooth?
(1) What words refer to a type of drama?
(1) What words refer to a very small child?
(1) What words refer to a volcano?
(1) What words refer to a wedding ceremony?
(1) What words refer to a week?
(1) What words refer to a window?
(1) What words refer to a woman?
(1) What words refer to a word?
(1) What words refer to a written number?
(1) What words refer to a year?
(1) What words refer to a youth (between puberty and adulthood)?
(1) What words refer to abandoning something?
(1) What words refer to accepting an offer?
(1) What words refer to accounting?
(1) What words refer to accumulating wealth?
(1) What words refer to accusing someone?
(1) What words refer to acting harshly?
(1) What words refer to acting in such a way that someone is led to believe something false?
(1) What words refer to actions done to the hair?
(1) What words refer to adding a new part or piece to something?
(1) What words refer to adding two numbers together?
(1) What words refer to adding water to plants and fields?
(1) What words refer to admiring a person?
(1) What words refer to admitting something?
(1) What words refer to adopting a child?
(1) What words refer to agreeing to do something?
(1) What words refer to aiming at a target?
(1) What words refer to all living things, including both plants and animals?
(1) What words refer to all of a group of things?
(1) What words refer to all of the soldiers of a country?
(1) What words refer to all plants?
(1) What words refer to all the colors arranged in the spectrum of the rainbow?
(1) What words refer to ambushing someone?
(1) What words refer to an accident?
(1) What words refer to an adult?
(1) What words refer to an advantage?
(1) What words refer to an alert mental state?
(1) What words refer to an animal giving birth?
(1) What words refer to an area of knowledge?
(1) What words refer to an area?
(1) What words refer to an average number?
(1) What words refer to an ear?
(1) What words refer to an egg?
(1) What words refer to an enemy?
(1) What words refer to an era?
(1) What words refer to an expert?
(1) What words refer to an eye?
(1) What words refer to an indefinite location?
(1) What words refer to an indefinite time?
(1) What words refer to an object or picture that represents something?
(1) What words refer to an object that represents a god?
(1) What words refer to an old person?
(1) What words refer to an opportunity to do something?
(1) What words refer to an organization?
(1) What words refer to an unborn baby?
(1) What words refer to an unusual state of consciousness?
(1) What words refer to animal husbandry?
(1) What words refer to anointing the body?
(1) What words refer to another thing?
(1) What words refer to answering a question when you are unsure of the answer?
(1) What words refer to answering a question?
(1) What words refer to appointing someone to a position of authority?
(1) What words refer to approving of something?
(1) What words refer to arranging an event?
(1) What words refer to arranging things?
(1) What words refer to arriving at a place?
(1) What words refer to art in general?
(1) What words refer to asking permission to do something?
(1) What words refer to atoning for a sin?
(1) What words refer to attacking someone?
(1) What words refer to attracting someone sexually?
(1) What words refer to authority?
(1) What words refer to avoiding trouble?
(1) What words refer to bad things that happen in life?
(1) What words refer to bags?
(1) What words refer to balancing yourself?
(1) What words refer to bargaining over a price?
(1) What words refer to begging?
(1) What words refer to beginning a relationship?
(1) What words refer to behaving in a particular way?
(1) What words refer to being able to see something?
(1) What words refer to being able to speak for God or deliver a message from God?
(1) What words refer to being about something or someone?
(1) What words refer to being acceptable?
(1) What words refer to being accustomed to something?
(1) What words refer to being alive?
(1) What words refer to being alone?
(1) What words refer to being at peace?
(1) What words refer to being conscious?
(1) What words refer to being dazed or confused?
(1) What words refer to being determined to do something?
(1) What words refer to being disabled?
(1) What words refer to being disobedient?
(1) What words refer to being exempt from a law or obligation?
(1) What words refer to being experienced?
(1) What words refer to being free to do something?
(1) What words refer to being full of food?
(1) What words refer to being generous?
(1) What words refer to being gentle with someone or something?
(1) What words refer to being hungry?
(1) What words refer to being in a sitting position?
(1) What words refer to being in a standing position?
(1) What words refer to being in water?
(1) What words refer to being influenced or controlled by a demon?
(1) What words refer to being low in status?
(1) What words refer to being lucky on a particular occasion?
(1) What words refer to being naked?
(1) What words refer to being obedient?
(1) What words refer to being pleased with someone?
(1) What words refer to being poor?
(1) What words refer to being proud of something or someone?
(1) What words refer to being related by birth?
(1) What words refer to being related by marriage?
(1) What words refer to being rich?
(1) What words refer to being satisfied with your job?
(1) What words refer to being serious?
(1) What words refer to being sick in your stomach?
(1) What words refer to being sick?
(1) What words refer to being unacceptable?
(1) What words refer to being unfair to someone?
(1) What words refer to being unlucky on a particular occasion?
(1) What words refer to being unmarried?
(1) What words refer to being willing to do something?
(1) What words refer to being willing to learn?
(1) What words refer to believing that something is true?
(1) What words refer to belonging to a group?
(1) What words refer to bending down?
(1) What words refer to bending something?
(1) What words refer to betraying someone to his enemies?
(1) What words refer to biting something?
(1) What words refer to blaming someone for something?
(1) What words refer to bleeding?
(1) What words refer to blessing someone?
(1) What words refer to blocking the movement of something?
(1) What words refer to boasting?
(1) What words refer to bodies of standing water of different sizes?
(1) What words refer to bombs or chemicals exploding?
(1) What words refer to borrowing something?
(1) What words refer to both of two things?
(1) What words refer to bowing?
(1) What words refer to breaking a contract?
(1) What words refer to breaking the law?
(1) What words refer to breathing?
(1) What words refer to bribing someone?
(1) What words refer to burying a dead body?
(1) What words refer to buying something?
(1) What words refer to calling someone?
(1) What words refer to canceling an event?
(1) What words refer to caring for a baby?
(1) What words refer to caring for someone?
(1) What words refer to caring for your teeth?
(1) What words refer to carrying on a conversation with other people?
(1) What words refer to carving something?
(1) What words refer to castrating an animal?
(1) What words refer to catching fish with a hook?
(1) What words refer to catching fish?
(1) What words refer to catching someone?
(1) What words refer to catching something?
(1) What words refer to cats?
(1) What words refer to cattle?
(1) What words refer to causing air to move?
(1) What words refer to causing someone to go away?
(1) What words refer to causing someone to move with you?
(1) What words refer to causing something to change direction?
(1) What words refer to celebrating?
(1) What words refer to changing a decision?
(1) What words refer to changing the color of something?
(1) What words refer to cheating someone?
(1) What words refer to checking something to make sure it is true or correct?
(1) What words refer to chickens?
(1) What words refer to choosing something?
(1) What words refer to circumcision?
(1) What words refer to cleaning the floor or ground?
(1) What words refer to clearing a field?
(1) What words refer to cloth?
(1) What words refer to collecting things?
(1) What words refer to color?
(1) What words refer to combing the hair?
(1) What words refer to coming back to life?
(1) What words refer to commanding someone to do something?
(1) What words refer to commerce?
(1) What words refer to comparing one thing with another?
(1) What words refer to competing with someone?
(1) What words refer to complaining?
(1) What words refer to completing a task?
(1) What words refer to composing music?
(1) What words refer to conforming to the behavior of others?
(1) What words refer to consciously looking at something?
(1) What words refer to contacting someone?
(1) What words refer to continue doing something after stopping?
(1) What words refer to continuing to do something?
(1) What words refer to contradicting what someone has said?
(1) What words refer to controlling someone or something?
(1) What words refer to copying something?
(1) What words refer to correcting a mistake?
(1) What words refer to cosmetics?
(1) What words refer to coughing?
(1) What words refer to covering something?
(1) What words refer to crawling?
(1) What words refer to credit?
(1) What words refer to criticizing someone or something?
(1) What words refer to crop failure?
(1) What words refer to crying?
(1) What words refer to cursing someone?
(1) What words refer to cutting grass?
(1) What words refer to cutting hair?
(1) What words refer to cutting the hair off of a sheep?
(1) What words refer to daily life?
(1) What words refer to damaging something?
(1) What words refer to dancing?
(1) What words refer to danger?
(1) What words refer to dead things?
(1) What words refer to debating with someone?
(1) What words refer to deciding to do something?
(1) What words refer to dedicating something to religious use?
(1) What words refer to defeating an army or enemy in war?
(1) What words refer to defecating?
(1) What words refer to defending someone?
(1) What words refer to defending yourself from attack?
(1) What words refer to demonstrating something?
(1) What words refer to describing something?
(1) What words refer to deserving what you receive?
(1) What words refer to designing something?
(1) What words refer to despising someone?
(1) What words refer to destroying something?
(1) What words refer to different kinds of mass communication?
(1) What words refer to different kinds of snow?
(1) What words refer to digging a well?
(1) What words refer to digging minerals out of the ground?
(1) What words refer to digging?
(1) What words refer to diplomacy between nations?
(1) What words refer to disciplining someone?
(1) What words refer to discovering information?
(1) What words refer to dishonest financial practices?
(1) What words refer to disliking something?
(1) What words refer to distributing things to several people?
(1) What words refer to diving into water?
(1) What words refer to divorcing your wife or husband?
(1) What words refer to dogs?
(1) What words refer to doing evil to someone?
(1) What words refer to doing good to someone?
(1) What words refer to doing something deliberately?
(1) What words refer to doing something in order to stay healthy and become stronger?
(1) What words refer to doing something using sorcery?
(1) What words refer to drawing or painting?
(1) What words refer to dreaming?
(1) What words refer to drinking alcohol?
(1) What words refer to dropping legal charges?
(1) What words refer to dying the hair?
(1) What words refer to earning money?
(1) What words refer to earthquakes?
(1) What words refer to eating before others?
(1) What words refer to egg dishes?
(1) What words refer to electing a government official?
(1) What words refer to ending a relationship?
(1) What words refer to enduring a problem?
(1) What words refer to enemies becoming reconciled?
(1) What words refer to enemies fighting?
(1) What words refer to enjoying something?
(1) What words refer to entering something by force?
(1) What words refer to escaping from a dangerous place?
(1) What words refer to everything we can see?
(1) What words refer to exaggerating?
(1) What words refer to examining something?
(1) What words refer to executing someone for a crime?
(1) What words refer to exercising authority?
(1) What words refer to explaining something?
(1) What words refer to exposing falsehood?
(1) What words refer to extending something?
(1) What words refer to extorting money?
(1) What words refer to fables?
(1) What words refer to failing to do a task?
(1) What words refer to falling?
(1) What words refer to farmland?
(1) What words refer to feeling afraid?
(1) What words refer to feeling angry?
(1) What words refer to feeling annoyed?
(1) What words refer to feeling ashamed?
(1) What words refer to feeling bad about your present conditions?
(1) What words refer to feeling bad?
(1) What words refer to feeling calm?
(1) What words refer to feeling comfortable?
(1) What words refer to feeling confident?
(1) What words refer to feeling confused?
(1) What words refer to feeling cowardly?
(1) What words refer to feeling disappointed?
(1) What words refer to feeling disgusted by something?
(1) What words refer to feeling embarrassed?
(1) What words refer to feeling enthusiastic?
(1) What words refer to feeling envious?
(1) What words refer to feeling excited?
(1) What words refer to feeling good about someone's good fortune?
(1) What words refer to feeling good about your present conditions?
(1) What words refer to feeling good about yourself?
(1) What words refer to feeling good?
(1) What words refer to feeling happy?
(1) What words refer to feeling hateful?
(1) What words refer to feeling hopeless?
(1) What words refer to feeling indifferent?
(1) What words refer to feeling interested in something?
(1) What words refer to feeling lonely?
(1) What words refer to feeling nervous?
(1) What words refer to feeling obsessed with something?
(1) What words refer to feeling relaxed?
(1) What words refer to feeling sad?
(1) What words refer to feeling shocked?
(1) What words refer to feeling shy?
(1) What words refer to feeling something?
(1) What words refer to feeling sorry?
(1) What words refer to feeling surprised?
(1) What words refer to feeling uninterested in something?
(1) What words refer to feeling upset about something?
(1) What words refer to feeling worried?
(1) What words refer to fertilizing a field?
(1) What words refer to fighting against something bad?
(1) What words refer to fighting for something good?
(1) What words refer to figurative speech?
(1) What words refer to filling something?
(1) What words refer to finance?
(1) What words refer to finding something that has been hidden?
(1) What words refer to fining someone?
(1) What words refer to fishing with a net?
(1) What words refer to flattering someone?
(1) What words refer to folding something?
(1) What words refer to following a wild animal?
(1) What words refer to following someone?
(1) What words refer to foolish talk?
(1) What words refer to forcing someone to do something?
(1) What words refer to forgiving someone?
(1) What words refer to freeing someone from bondage?
(1) What words refer to gambling?
(1) What words refer to garbage?
(1) What words refer to gathering things?
(1) What words refer to gathering wild plants?
(1) What words refer to gesturing?
(1) What words refer to getting ready for bed?
(1) What words refer to getting revenge?
(1) What words refer to getting something?
(1) What words refer to giving a pledge to repay a loan?
(1) What words refer to giving birth early?
(1) What words refer to giving help to a woman who is giving birth?
(1) What words refer to giving someone advice?
(1) What words refer to giving someone permission to do something?
(1) What words refer to giving something to someone for him to take care of?
(1) What words refer to giving something to someone?
(1) What words refer to goats?
(1) What words refer to going ahead of someone?
(1) What words refer to going on a journey?
(1) What words refer to going to someone's place to see them?
(1) What words refer to gossiping?
(1) What words refer to greeting someone?
(1) What words refer to grinding flour?
(1) What words refer to grinding something?
(1) What words refer to growing bananas?
(1) What words refer to growing bigger?
(1) What words refer to growing cassava?
(1) What words refer to growing coconuts?
(1) What words refer to growing coffee?
(1) What words refer to growing crops?
(1) What words refer to growing flowers?
(1) What words refer to growing fruit?
(1) What words refer to growing grain?
(1) What words refer to growing grapes?
(1) What words refer to growing grass?
(1) What words refer to growing maize?
(1) What words refer to growing potatoes?
(1) What words refer to growing rice?
(1) What words refer to growing roots?
(1) What words refer to growing sugarcane?
(1) What words refer to growing tobacco?
(1) What words refer to growing trees?
(1) What words refer to growing vegetables?
(1) What words refer to growing wheat?
(1) What words refer to guiding someone?
(1) What words refer to hair?
(1) What words refer to hanging something?
(1) What words refer to harvesting?
(1) What words refer to hating someone?
(1) What words refer to having a fever?
(1) What words refer to having authority?
(1) What words refer to having extra?
(1) What words refer to having many children?
(1) What words refer to having mercy on someone?
(1) What words refer to having something?
(1) What words refer to having wealth?
(1) What words refer to hearing something?
(1) What words refer to helping someone?
(1) What words refer to hiding information?
(1) What words refer to hiding something?
(1) What words refer to hiring something?
(1) What words refer to history?
(1) What words refer to holding something in the hand?
(1) What words refer to honoring someone?
(1) What words refer to hoping that something good will happen in the future?
(1) What words refer to hostility between people?
(1) What words refer to how a person thinks about the future?
(1) What words refer to how people relate to time?
(1) What words refer to how something feels?
(1) What words refer to humor in general?
(1) What words refer to hunting animals?
(1) What words refer to hunting birds?
(1) What words refer to ignoring someone?
(1) What words refer to imagining things?
(1) What words refer to imitating someone?
(1) What words refer to improving something?
(1) What words refer to including something in a group?
(1) What words refer to indicating something?
(1) What words refer to influencing someone to change his thinking or decision?
(1) What words refer to information?
(1) What words refer to inheriting something?
(1) What words refer to initiation rites?
(1) What words refer to injuring someone?
(1) What words refer to insisting that someone do something?
(1) What words refer to insulting someone?
(1) What words refer to insurance?
(1) What words refer to intending to do something?
(1) What words refer to interpreting something?
(1) What words refer to interrupting someone or something that is happening?
(1) What words refer to inventing something?
(1) What words refer to investigating a crime or accident?
(1) What words refer to jewelry?
(1) What words refer to joining a group?
(1) What words refer to joining two or more things together?
(1) What words refer to joining two things together using glue or a sticky substance?
(1) What words refer to jumping up and down in one place?
(1) What words refer to justice that is not given by someone in authority?
(1) What words refer to justice?
(1) What words refer to keeping a fire burning?
(1) What words refer to keeping bees?
(1) What words refer to keeping something from falling?
(1) What words refer to keeping something?
(1) What words refer to kicking something?
(1) What words refer to kidnapping someone?
(1) What words refer to killing an animal?
(1) What words refer to kneeling down?
(1) What words refer to knitting?
(1) What words refer to knocking something over so that it falls?
(1) What words refer to knowing someone?
(1) What words refer to knowing something?
(1) What words refer to land that is flat?
(1) What words refer to leading?
(1) What words refer to leaning against something?
(1) What words refer to learning something?
(1) What words refer to leaven?
(1) What words refer to leaving a group?
(1) What words refer to leaving a place?
(1) What words refer to leaving something somewhere?
(1) What words refer to legal personnel?
(1) What words refer to lending something?
(1) What words refer to life after death?
(1) What words refer to life going well?
(1) What words refer to light?
(1) What words refer to lightning?
(1) What words refer to liking something?
(1) What words refer to limiting the movement of something?
(1) What words refer to linking things together?
(1) What words refer to listening to something?
(1) What words refer to living in a place?
(1) What words refer to losing something?
(1) What words refer to losing wealth?
(1) What words refer to losing your way?
(1) What words refer to loving someone?
(1) What words refer to lumbering?
(1) What words refer to lusting for something?
(1) What words refer to lying down from a standing or sitting positions?
(1) What words refer to machines for telling time?
(1) What words refer to machines?
(1) What words refer to major types of food?
(1) What words refer to making a hole in something?
(1) What words refer to making a mark on something?
(1) What words refer to making a noise while moving?
(1) What words refer to making a profit?
(1) What words refer to making a record?
(1) What words refer to making a speech?
(1) What words refer to making alcoholic beverages?
(1) What words refer to making books?
(1) What words refer to making plans?
(1) What words refer to making something?
(1) What words refer to male and female people?
(1) What words refer to managing a house?
(1) What words refer to managing something?
(1) What words refer to marrying someone?
(1) What words refer to mathematics?
(1) What words refer to measuring something?
(1) What words refer to meddling in someone's affairs?
(1) What words refer to meeting someone for the first time?
(1) What words refer to meeting someone when you did not intend to?
(1) What words refer to meeting someone?
(1) What words refer to melting rocks to get metal out of them?
(1) What words refer to memorizing something?
(1) What words refer to mentioning something?
(1) What words refer to metal rusting?
(1) What words refer to milking an animal?
(1) What words refer to milling grain?
(1) What words refer to misunderstanding something?
(1) What words refer to mixing something with water?
(1) What words refer to mocking someone?
(1) What words refer to money?
(1) What words refer to more of something in addition to what is already there?
(1) What words refer to more than one thing moving in the same direction?
(1) What words refer to most of something?
(1) What words refer to mourning a death?
(1) What words refer to movies?
(1) What words refer to moving a part of your body forward or out? 
(1) What words refer to moving across a smooth or lubricated surface?
(1) What words refer to moving around in a circle?
(1) What words refer to moving away from something?
(1) What words refer to moving away from the speaker?
(1) What words refer to moving back and forth?
(1) What words refer to moving backwards while still facing forward?
(1) What words refer to moving by land?
(1) What words refer to moving down slowly or purposefully?
(1) What words refer to moving forward?
(1) What words refer to moving into an area or space?
(1) What words refer to moving out of an area or space?
(1) What words refer to moving past something?
(1) What words refer to moving quickly?
(1) What words refer to moving sideways?
(1) What words refer to moving slowly?
(1) What words refer to moving something down?
(1) What words refer to moving something in a vehicle?
(1) What words refer to moving something up?
(1) What words refer to moving something?
(1) What words refer to moving straight?
(1) What words refer to moving suddenly?
(1) What words refer to moving to a new house?
(1) What words refer to moving together?
(1) What words refer to moving toward a place?
(1) What words refer to moving toward the speaker?
(1) What words refer to moving up?
(1) What words refer to moving with someone?
(1) What words refer to moving your hand over something?
(1) What words refer to multiplying one number times another?
(1) What words refer to needing something?
(1) What words refer to neglecting plants?
(1) What words refer to newspapers and magazines?
(1) What words refer to night?
(1) What words refer to no thing?
(1) What words refer to not being able to speak correctly?
(1) What words refer to not being sure about something?
(1) What words refer to not believing something or someone.
(1) What words refer to not eating for a period of time?
(1) What words refer to not having a job?
(1) What words refer to not having enough?
(1) What words refer to not having something?
(1) What words refer to not remembering something?
(1) What words refer to not talking?
(1) What words refer to not wanting to spend money?
(1) What words refer to noticing something?
(1) What words refer to occupying an area?
(1) What words refer to offering a sacrifice?
(1) What words refer to offering to do something for someone?
(1) What words refer to oil used in cooking?
(1) What words refer to one day in relation to the days before and after it?
(1) What words refer to one person asking another to do what is good?
(1) What words refer to one thing hitting another?
(1) What words refer to one?
(1) What words refer to opening something?
(1) What words refer to opposing someone?
(1) What words refer to opposing something?
(1) What words refer to oppressing someone?
(1) What words refer to organizing things?
(1) What words refer to ostracizing someone?
(1) What words refer to owing money?
(1) What words refer to owning something?
(1) What words refer to pain?
(1) What words refer to parts of clothing?
(1) What words refer to parts of tools?
(1) What words refer to passing a law?
(1) What words refer to paying attention?
(1) What words refer to paying money for something?
(1) What words refer to people born during the same time period?
(1) What words refer to people coming together to form a group?
(1) What words refer to performing a religious ceremony?
(1) What words refer to photography in general?
(1) What words refer to picking something up?
(1) What words refer to pieces of men's clothing?
(1) What words refer to pieces of women's clothing?
(1) What words refer to pigs?
(1) What words refer to plaiting the hair?
(1) What words refer to planning the time of an event?
(1) What words refer to planting seeds in a field?
(1) What words refer to plants that can be eaten?
(1) What words refer to plowing a field?
(1) What words refer to plundering?
(1) What words refer to poems?
(1) What words refer to postponing something?
(1) What words refer to pounding food in a mortar?
(1) What words refer to practicing religion?
(1) What words refer to praising someone?
(1) What words refer to praying to God?
(1) What words refer to predicting what you think will happen in the future?
(1) What words refer to preferring something?
(1) What words refer to preparing a field?
(1) What words refer to preparing food?
(1) What words refer to preparing for a task?
(1) What words refer to preparing something?
(1) What words refer to preserving food?
(1) What words refer to preserving something from decay?
(1) What words refer to pressing something?
(1) What words refer to preventing pregnancy?
(1) What words refer to preventing someone from doing something.
(1) What words refer to preventing someone from moving?
(1) What words refer to processing the harvest?
(1) What words refer to producing wealth?
(1) What words refer to promising to do something?
(1) What words refer to protecting someone?
(1) What words refer to protesting?
(1) What words refer to providing someone with what they need?
(1) What words refer to pulling something so that it moves toward you?
(1) What words refer to punishing someone?
(1) What words refer to purifying someone or something for religious purposes?
(1) What words refer to pursuing someone?
(1) What words refer to pushing something so that it moves away you?
(1) What words refer to putting lots of things on something?
(1) What words refer to putting something back in its place?
(1) What words refer to putting something down?
(1) What words refer to putting something in back?
(1) What words refer to putting something in front?
(1) What words refer to putting something in the place of something else?
(1) What words refer to putting something inside something else?
(1) What words refer to putting something somewhere?
(1) What words refer to putting something to the side of you?
(1) What words refer to quarreling?
(1) What words refer to reacting or responding?
(1) What words refer to reading?
(1) What words refer to realizing something?
(1) What words refer to rebelling against authority?
(1) What words refer to receiving something from someone?
(1) What words refer to recognizing something?
(1) What words refer to recording music?
(1) What words refer to recovering?
(1) What words refer to reflecting light?
(1) What words refer to refusing to do something?
(1) What words refer to refusing to give someone permission to do something?
(1) What words refer to refusing to share?
(1) What words refer to rejecting an offer?
(1) What words refer to relating to God or to the spirits?
(1) What words refer to relieving someone?
(1) What words refer to remembering something?
(1) What words refer to reminding someone of something they must do or something they should know?
(1) What words refer to removing a part of something?
(1) What words refer to removing the shell or skin from food?
(1) What words refer to renouncing a claim?
(1) What words refer to repairing something?
(1) What words refer to repaying a debt?
(1) What words refer to repeating what someone has said, but saying it in fewer words?
(1) What words refer to reporting about something that has happened?
(1) What words refer to representing someone?
(1) What words refer to requesting forgiveness?
(1) What words refer to requesting that someone do something for someone else?
(1) What words refer to resting?
(1) What words refer to returning to a place?
(1) What words refer to rewarding someone?
(1) What words refer to rioting?
(1) What words refer to risking something?
(1) What words refer to rivers of different sizes?
(1) What words refer to rolling something up?
(1) What words refer to rubbing something?
(1) What words refer to ruling?
(1) What words refer to sacred writings?
(1) What words refer to salt?
(1) What words refer to saving someone from trouble?
(1) What words refer to saying farewell?
(1) What words refer to saying one thing but doing something else?
(1) What words refer to saying something a second time?
(1) What words refer to saying something in order to acquire something from the other person?
(1) What words refer to saying something in order to get information?
(1) What words refer to saying something that is not true?
(1) What words refer to saying something?
(1) What words refer to saying the numbers in order?
(1) What words refer to searching for something?
(1) What words refer to seeing something?
(1) What words refer to selling something?
(1) What words refer to sending someone somewhere?
(1) What words refer to sending something?
(1) What words refer to sensing something using one of the senses?
(1) What words refer to separating or scattering things?
(1) What words refer to serving food?
(1) What words refer to serving someone?
(1) What words refer to setting oneself apart from others and not relating to them?
(1) What words refer to setting someone free?
(1) What words refer to setting something upright?
(1) What words refer to shaking something?
(1) What words refer to shallow bodies of standing water with plants growing in them?
(1) What words refer to sharing wealth with others?
(1) What words refer to sharing with others?
(1) What words refer to shaving off your hair?
(1) What words refer to sheaths?
(1) What words refer to sheep?
(1) What words refer to showing affection to someone?
(1) What words refer to showing hospitality to a visitor?
(1) What words refer to showing how something works or how something is done?
(1) What words refer to showing off?
(1) What words refer to showing something to someone?
(1) What words refer to showing sympathy for someone in trouble?
(1) What words refer to shutting something?
(1) What words refer to singing?
(1) What words refer to smelling something?
(1) What words refer to smuggling?
(1) What words refer to social class?
(1) What words refer to soil?
(1) What words refer to solving a problem?
(1) What words refer to solving something?
(1) What words refer to someone giving something to another to cause him to do something?
(1) What words refer to someone mixing things together?
(1) What words refer to someone not moving?
(1) What words refer to someone talking at the same time as someone else?
(1) What words refer to someone telling another that he has done wrong?
(1) What words refer to someone who lives nearby?
(1) What words refer to something appearing?
(1) What words refer to something attracting someone's interest?
(1) What words refer to something being available for use?
(1) What words refer to something being made of some material?
(1) What words refer to something being something?
(1) What words refer to something breaking?
(1) What words refer to something decaying?
(1) What words refer to something decreasing in number or amount?
(1) What words refer to something delaying someone?
(1) What words refer to something fitting?
(1) What words refer to something happening by chance or luck?
(1) What words refer to something happening?
(1) What words refer to something increasing in number or amount?
(1) What words refer to something made up of a certain number of parts?
(1) What words refer to something remaining?
(1) What words refer to something showing that something is true?
(1) What words refer to something someone says?
(1) What words refer to something that is heard?
(1) What words refer to something that is owned?
(1) What words refer to something that is wrong with a baby?
(1) What words refer to something that makes light?
(1) What words refer to something used to join things together?
(1) What words refer to speaking a little?
(1) What words refer to speaking a lot?
(1) What words refer to speaking loudly?
(1) What words refer to speaking quietly?
(1) What words refer to speaking well?
(1) What words refer to speech that is considered offensive or improper?
(1) What words refer to spending money?
(1) What words refer to spinning thread?
(1) What words refer to spitting?
(1) What words refer to spoiling the quality of something?
(1) What words refer to sports?
(1) What words refer to spreading something on another thing?
(1) What words refer to starting something?
(1) What words refer to stealing something?
(1) What words refer to stopping fighting?
(1) What words refer to stopping moving?
(1) What words refer to stopping the flow of water?
(1) What words refer to stopping work?
(1) What words refer to storing the harvest?
(1) What words refer to stretching something?
(1) What words refer to studying something?
(1) What words refer to stumbling?
(1) What words refer to subjugating someone?
(1) What words refer to submitting to authority?
(1) What words refer to subtracting one number from another number?
(1) What words refer to succeeding to do a task?
(1) What words refer to suffering?
(1) What words refer to sugar?
(1) What words refer to suggesting something to someone?
(1) What words refer to supernatural knowledge?
(1) What words refer to supernatural power?
(1) What words refer to surrendering to an enemy?
(1) What words refer to surviving?
(1) What words refer to sweating?
(1) What words refer to swelling?
(1) What words refer to swimming?
(1) What words refer to taking a position toward a question or issue?
(1) What words refer to taking an oath?
(1) What words refer to taking care of a building?
(1) What words refer to taking care of something?
(1) What words refer to taking someone somewhere?
(1) What words refer to taking something by force?
(1) What words refer to taking something from somewhere?
(1) What words refer to taking something out of something else?
(1) What words refer to talking about a subject?
(1) What words refer to talking about something for the first time?
(1) What words refer to tasting something?
(1) What words refer to tax?
(1) What words refer to teaching?
(1) What words refer to tearing something down?
(1) What words refer to tearing something?
(1) What words refer to telephones?
(1) What words refer to telling the truth?
(1) What words refer to telling time?
(1) What words refer to tending a field?
(1) What words refer to tending a herd in the fields?
(1) What words refer to testifying in a court?
(1) What words refer to thanking someone?
(1) What words refer to the ability of an animal to do something without learning it?
(1) What words refer to the action of putting a person in prison?
(1) What words refer to the action of showing courage?
(1) What words refer to the age of something?
(1) What words refer to the air force?
(1) What words refer to the air we breathe?
(1) What words refer to the amount of empty space that is available to be used?
(1) What words refer to the amount of something?
(1) What words refer to the answer to a question in a test?
(1) What words refer to the appearance of something?
(1) What words refer to the area around a building?
(1) What words refer to the area around something else?
(1) What words refer to the area between things?
(1) What words refer to the area under the surface of the earth?
(1) What words refer to the arm?
(1) What words refer to the army?
(1) What words refer to the back of something?
(1) What words refer to the body?
(1) What words refer to the bottom of a house?
(1) What words refer to the bottom of something?
(1) What words refer to the boundary of an area?
(1) What words refer to the cause of a disease?
(1) What words refer to the children of your children?
(1) What words refer to the children of your father and mother?
(1) What words refer to the condition of being mute?
(1) What words refer to the condition of having lost a limb?
(1) What words refer to the condition produced by not having enough food?
(1) What words refer to the countryside?
(1) What words refer to the decisions God makes concerning what happens to a person?
(1) What words refer to the degree of something?
(1) What words refer to the direction down?
(1) What words refer to the direction up?
(1) What words refer to the distance between two things?
(1) What words refer to the disunity of a social group?
(1) What words refer to the edge of something?
(1) What words refer to the end of something?
(1) What words refer to the entrance to a house?
(1) What words refer to the female organs?
(1) What words refer to the first fruits to be harvested?
(1) What words refer to the foundation of a building?
(1) What words refer to the front of something?
(1) What words refer to the general situation that exists in a place?
(1) What words refer to the growth of plants?
(1) What words refer to the head?
(1) What words refer to the immaterial part of a person?
(1) What words refer to the inside part of something?
(1) What words refer to the land in contrast to the sea?
(1) What words refer to the land that a person owns?
(1) What words refer to the largest amount of something?
(1) What words refer to the levels in a building?
(1) What words refer to the location of something?
(1) What words refer to the meaning of something?
(1) What words refer to the middle part of something?
(1) What words refer to the mind?
(1) What words refer to the moon?
(1) What words refer to the mouth?
(1) What words refer to the name of a building?
(1) What words refer to the name of a person?
(1) What words refer to the name of a place?
(1) What words refer to the name of an animal?
(1) What words refer to the nature or character of something?
(1) What words refer to the navy?
(1) What words refer to the nose?
(1) What words refer to the number of babies born at the same time?
(1) What words refer to the order in which a child was born?
(1) What words refer to the order or sequence of a group of events?
(1) What words refer to the outside part of something?
(1) What words refer to the parents of your parents?
(1) What words refer to the parts of a building?
(1) What words refer to the past?
(1) What words refer to the place where a body is placed?
(1) What words refer to the placing of importance on something?
(1) What words refer to the planet we live on?
(1) What words refer to the police?
(1) What words refer to the power used to do something?
(1) What words refer to the practice of traditional medicine?
(1) What words refer to the present?
(1) What words refer to the price of something?
(1) What words refer to the process of administering the law?
(1) What words refer to the process of arranging a marriage?
(1) What words refer to the process of determining the truth of something?
(1) What words refer to the process of losing a fight?
(1) What words refer to the purpose of what you are doing?
(1) What words refer to the quality of a sound?
(1) What words refer to the rain?
(1) What words refer to the response of a person who sees someone in trouble?
(1) What words refer to the right side?
(1) What words refer to the right time to do something?
(1) What words refer to the same person or thing, not a different one?
(1) What words refer to the side of a house?
(1) What words refer to the side of something?
(1) What words refer to the speed at which a person acts?
(1) What words refer to the spirits of things?
(1) What words refer to the study of God and religion?
(1) What words refer to the study of grammar?
(1) What words refer to the study of money and wealth?
(1) What words refer to the style of a woman's hair?
(1) What words refer to the sun?
(1) What words refer to the supreme being in the universe?
(1) What words refer to the system of belief and practice related to God?
(1) What words refer to the thing that is burned by a fire?
(1) What words refer to the things the government builds to provide for the needs of the public?
(1) What words refer to the things used to transport water?
(1) What words refer to the tide?
(1) What words refer to the time period between events?
(1) What words refer to the time periods of a person's life?
(1) What words refer to the top of a house?
(1) What words refer to the top of something?
(1) What words refer to the torso?
(1) What words refer to the types of plants that grow in an area?
(1) What words refer to the unity of a social group?
(1) What words refer to the utensils used to cut and move food?
(1) What words refer to the value of something?
(1) What words refer to the way to go from one place to another?
(1) What words refer to the weather?
(1) What words refer to the world around us?
(1) What words refer to things alternating?
(1) What words refer to things becoming tangled?
(1) What words refer to things people use to help them see better?
(1) What words refer to thinking about something for a period of time?
(1) What words refer to thinking that someone did something bad?
(1) What words refer to threatening someone?
(1) What words refer to threshing grain?
(1) What words refer to throwing something?
(1) What words refer to time when you don't have to work?
(1) What words refer to tobacco?
(1) What words refer to tools used for poking holes in things?
(1) What words refer to touching something?
(1) What words refer to trading one thing for another?
(1) What words refer to traveling by air?
(1) What words refer to traveling in space?
(1) What words refer to traveling on water?
(1) What words refer to treating animal diseases?
(1) What words refer to treating someone who is sick or injured?
(1) What words refer to trimming plants?
(1) What words refer to trusting someone?
(1) What words refer to trying to do something?
(1) What words refer to trying to persuade someone to change his thinking or decision?
(1) What words refer to trying to prevent or end a war?
(1) What words refer to turning?
(1) What words refer to twisting something?
(1) What words refer to two people trying to reach an agreement?
(1) What words refer to two things touching each other?
(1) What words refer to two?
(1) What words refer to tying things together?
(1) What words refer to types of animals?
(1) What words refer to uncovering something?
(1) What words refer to understanding something?
(1) What words refer to uprooting plants?
(1) What words refer to urinating?
(1) What words refer to using a person?
(1) What words refer to using something?
(1) What words refer to using up all of something?
(1) What words refer to various ways of cooking food?
(1) What words refer to verbal tradition?
(1) What words refer to vindicating someone?
(1) What words refer to waiting?
(1) What words refer to waking up?
(1) What words refer to wandering?
(1) What words refer to wanting more money?
(1) What words refer to wanting something?
(1) What words refer to war?
(1) What words refer to warning someone?
(1) What words refer to washing clothes?
(1) What words refer to washing dishes?
(1) What words refer to wasting something?
(1) What words refer to watching something?
(1) What words refer to water coming out of something?
(1) What words refer to water moving into something?
(1) What words refer to water moving over a surface?
(1) What words refer to wearing clothing?
(1) What words refer to weaving?
(1) What words refer to weighing something?
(1) What words refer to welcoming a person who has just arrived?
(1) What words refer to what God does to save a person?
(1) What words refer to when two people agree?
(1) What words refer to when two people disagree?
(1) What words refer to whether someone deserves something?
(1) What words refer to who is responsible for something bad?
(1) What words refer to winning a fight or war?
(1) What words refer to winnowing grain?
(1) What words refer to wiping dirt and dust off things?
(1) What words refer to wood?
(1) What words refer to working for someone?
(1) What words refer to working hard?
(1) What words refer to working poorly?
(1) What words refer to working together with someone to do something?
(1) What words refer to working well?
(1) What words refer to working with bones?
(1) What words refer to working with bricks?
(1) What words refer to working with chemicals?
(1) What words refer to working with cords and ropes?
(1) What words refer to working with electricity?
(1) What words refer to working with land?
(1) What words refer to working with leather?
(1) What words refer to working with machines?
(1) What words refer to working with minerals?
(1) What words refer to working with oil and gas?
(1) What words refer to working with paper?
(1) What words refer to working with stone?
(1) What words refer to working with wood?
(1) What words refer to wrapping something?
(1) What words refer to writing?
(1) What words refer to written material?
(1) What words refer to your brother's child?
(1) What words refer to your children?
(1) What words refer to your father's brother's child?
(1) What words refer to your father's brother?
(1) What words refer to your father, mother, and siblings?
(1) What words refer to your parents?
(1) What words refer to your style of speaking?
(1) Where do people light fires?
(10) complement to words of admonition
(10) How do insects move?
(10) If your mother dies and your father remarries, what do you call your father's second wife?
(10) In English 'Order' can be expressed by a noun phrase with no overt marker.
(10) inferred evidence: the speaker infers the event/action, but does not specify whether the inference is based on observable results or on a purely mental process.
(10) perfective: the situation is viewed as bounded temporally. It cannot be simultaneous with the moment of speech; in the non-past it is sometimes interpreted as future.
(10) remote: combines with other tense labels to indicate a situation occurring temporally distant from the moment of speech.
(10) root possibility: it is possible for the agent to carry out the action of the main verb; i.e. s/he is able and external conditions allow it: 'You can get that kind of paper at Ulbrich's'.
(10) Since the conjunction 'if' obligatorily occurs in the protasis, there will also be the following:
(10) strong: (self-explanatory). 
(10) What appliances are used to store food?
(10) What are the occupations in trading?
(10) What are the parts of a spear?
(10) What are the symptoms of being unconscious?
(10) What do cows produce?
(10) What do tears do?
(10) What do the authorities do to stop a rebellion?
(10) What do the players do?
(10) What do you say to someone when you want them to sit down?
(10) What does someone say to someone else who is going to sleep?
(10) What equipment is used in the game?
(10) What general words refer to lichen?
(10) What is a small planet called?
(10) What is the staff of a team called?
(10) What kinds of buildings are used by travelers for sleeping?
(10) What plants have fruit?
(10) What pronouns are used to emphasize the people or things being spoken about, especially when you are emphasizing that one person does something and not someone else?
(10) What sounds do birds make?
(10) What things do people use to measure how hot something is?
(10) What words are used for taming animals?
(10) What words are used of intestinal gas?
(10) What words are used to describe a bad egg?
(10) What words are used to link events when telling a story?
(10) What words describe a drug that makes people addicted?
(10) What words describe a face that is thin?
(10) What words describe a place that is uninteresting
(10) What words describe a place where bad people often go?
(10) What words describe an attack that was not caused by an earlier action?
(10) What words describe an exciting experience?
(10) What words describe an experience or feeling that you have had before?
(10) What words describe an expression that shows a particular feeling?
(10) What words describe countries that are at war?
(10) What words describe someone that no one thanks?
(10) What words describe someone who has been made fat?
(10) What words describe someone who has escaped?
(10) What words describe someone who has lots of hair?
(10) What words describe someone who is easily frightened?
(10) What words describe someone who is not confident?
(10) What words describe someone who is not loved?
(10) What words describe someone who makes many things?
(10) What words describe someone who wants to kill someone?
(10) What words describe something after it has been taken apart?
(10) What words describe something or someone that has recently replaced the one before it?
(10) What words describe something said in a disapproving way?
(10) What words describe something that burns easily?
(10) What words describe something that cannot be bent?
(10) What words describe something that cannot be imagined?
(10) What words describe something that cannot be known?
(10) What words describe something that causes someone to feel angry?
(10) What words describe something that causes someone to feel worried?
(10) What words describe something that has a strong or spicy taste?
(10) What words describe something that is much bigger than other things of the same type?
(10) What words describe something that is thin on one side or end?
(10) What words describe something that looks like metal?
(10) What words describe something that smells bad?
(10) What words describe something to do with the ears?
(10) What words describe something to do with the mouth?
(10) What words describe the appearance of the moon?
(10) What words describe the weather when there is a lot of water in the air?
(10) What words describe when the wind begins?
(10) What words describe whether or not people are singing the same thing together?
(10) What words describe your skin when you have been in the sun?
(10) What words indicate how big an area is?
(10) What words indicate how high something is?
(10) What words indicate how tall something is?
(10) What words indicate how wide something is?
(10) What words indicate that someone is not strong enough or old enough to do something?
(10) What words indicate that someone or something will probably not be successful?
(10) What words indicate that something happens at an approximate place?
(10) What words indicate that something is farther than something else?
(10) What words indicate that something is true of or has happened to almost all of something?
(10) What words indicate the joking manner in which a person acts or speaks?
(10) What words refer to a disease of the eyes?
(10) What words refer to a large increase?
(10) What words refer to a pain that increases and decreases repeatedly?
(10) What words refer to a person who steals?
(10) What words refer to a person wounded in war?
(10) What words refer to a place where a drama is performed?
(10) What words refer to a place where children are cared for?
(10) What words refer to a rainbow?
(10) What words refer to a single time of adultery?
(10) What words refer to a situation during a fight or game when it looks like you will win?
(10) What words refer to a time when many people are sick from the same disease?
(10) What words refer to a vehicle or animal pulling something so that it moves along behind?
(10) What words refer to becoming calm?
(10) What words refer to becoming less interested in something?
(10) What words refer to being evaluated as better than before?
(10) What words refer to being friends, but not having sex?
(10) What words refer to being like your mother or father?
(10) What words refer to caring for an old person?
(10) What words refer to cleaning a baby?
(10) What words refer to doing something just because you enjoy it?
(10) What words refer to doing something so that someone can't see?
(10) What words refer to extreme beliefs that are evil?
(10) What words refer to feeling bad?
(10) What words refer to feeling good when something bad happens to someone?
(10) What words refer to firing an employee?
(10) What words refer to foods that contain a lot of water and are boiled?
(10) What words refer to going to a doctor?
(10) What words refer to how cold something is?
(10) What words refer to how loud something is?
(10) What words refer to how small something is?
(10) What words refer to how well things are joined together?
(10) What words refer to letting something fall?
(10) What words refer to living with someone without being married?
(10) What words refer to looking at something secretly?
(10) What words refer to loving each other again after having problems?
(10) What words refer to making someone stronger?
(10) What words refer to making something slightly wet?
(10) What words refer to malevolent supernatural power?
(10) What words refer to measuring how deep something is?
(10) What words refer to measuring how long something is?
(10) What words refer to measuring the volume of a something?
(10) What words refer to moving on snow or ice?
(10) What words refer to not accepting advice?
(10) What words refer to not criticizing someone?
(10) What words refer to not feeling sorry?
(10) What words refer to not needing something?
(10) What words refer to not turning off the lights?
(10) What words refer to people and vehicles traveling on a road?
(10) What words refer to pure or mixed colors?
(10) What words refer to pushing something in some direction?
(10) What words refer to reducing the amount of something you use or how much you do?
(10) What words refer to rocks at the bottom of a mountain?
(10) What words refer to sharing fire with a neighbor whose fire has gone out?
(10) What words refer to someone who has died?
(10) What words refer to someone who is normal and not mentally ill?
(10) What words refer to someone who moves up?
(10) What words refer to someone who seems to enjoy suffering?
(10) What words refer to something being partly empty?
(10) What words refer to something blocking another thing from view?
(10) What words refer to something burning?
(10) What words refer to something floating down a river or caught in it?
(10) What words refer to something happening before something else?
(10) What words refer to something hitting the ground after being thrown?
(10) What words refer to something or someone you are proud of?
(10) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel sad?
(10) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel something?
(10) What words refer to something that causes someone to like a person or thing?
(10) What words refer to something that has been damaged?
(10) What words refer to special words that are used to talk about a particular area of life?
(10) What words refer to stopping liking something?
(10) What words refer to stopping yourself from breathing?
(10) What words refer to the age at which a person can get married?
(10) What words refer to the fruit?
(10) What words refer to the heart stopping?
(10) What words refer to the kind of life a person lives?
(10) What words refer to the light of the sun?
(10) What words refer to the person who did something first?
(10) What words refer to the process of completing a sentence?
(10) What words refer to the pupil of the eye getting bigger or smaller?
(10) What words refer to the sound of a person makes when he is laughing?
(10) What words refer to the sound of one thing hitting another?
(10) What words refer to the speed or force with which something is hit?
(10) What words refer to the state of being full?
(10) What words refer to the time between midnight and dawn?
(10) What words refer to the time immediately after the wedding?
(10) What words refer to the top of a liquid?
(10) What words refer to the way a person thinks about something?
(10) What words refer to the written instructions a doctor gives about how much medicine to take?
(10) What words refer to there not being any sound?
(10) What words refer to thinking the same as someone else?
(10) What words refer to treating poison that is eaten or drunk?
(10) What words refer to trying to find out what is wrong with a sick person?
(10) What words refer to trying to stop someone from paying attention to something?
(10) What words refer to untying something?
(10) What words refer to using or giving a little of something?
(10) What words refer to walking in various manners?
(10) What words refer to walking worms (phylum Onychophora)?
(10) When is a name given?
(100 meters) high, be (100 meters) in height, 
(11) Co-occurrence restriction: 'if'
(11) completive: to do something thoroughly and to completion, e.g. 'to shoot someone dead, to eat up'.
(11) How do worms move?
(11) immediate: a meaning label that may be combined with other tense labels to indicate a situation not simultaneous with the moment of speech, but very close to it.
(11) In English 'Order' can be expressed by a 'be' clause with the 'Item' in the subject position.
(11) inference from results: the speaker infers the situation described from the evidence at hand (i.e. from the observable results of the causing event/action.)
(11) intention: the agent intends to carry out the action of the main verb: 'Sam's gonna take Sanskrit next semester'.
(11) subsequent: following a reference time in the past.
(11) What are the occupations in food preparation?
(11) What are the parts of these utensils?
(11) What do people do to show they dislike something?
(11) What do people do to tears?
(11) What do you say to someone when you want them to be calm?
(11) What equipment is used in the game?
(11) What instruments are used to measure how deep something is?
(11) What is the meat of a cow called?
(11) What is the place called where the game is played?
(11) What kinds of buildings are used by travelers for eating?
(11) What sounds do chickens make?
(11) What special clothes are used when sleeping?
(11) What species of lichen are there?
(11) What things are used to carry fire?
(11) What toys are given to a baby?
(11) What types of axes and clubs are there?
(11) What types of berries are there?
(11) What types of condiments are there (foods that people only eat a little of, because they are expensive, strong tasting, or are added to other foods to flavor them)?
(11) What words describe a man who has lost his hair?
(11) What words describe a player?
(11) What words describe a situation in which someone does not do enough or something does not happens enough?
(11) What words describe colors that look good together?
(11) What words describe hitting something with not much force?
(11) What words describe someone who does many things quickly?
(11) What words describe someone who has been in a place for a long time or has worked at a job for a long time?
(11) What words describe someone who has been injured?
(11) What words describe someone who is dead?
(11) What words describe someone who is not afraid?
(11) What words describe someone who steals?
(11) What words describe something related to escaping?
(11) What words describe something someone does that no one thanks him for?
(11) What words describe something that can be taken apart?
(11) What words describe something that causes someone to feel sad?
(11) What words describe something that causes someone to feel something?
(11) What words describe something that causes someone to like a person or thing?
(11) What words describe something that does not have a strong taste?
(11) What words describe something that feels good?
(11) What words describe something that has been burned?
(11) What words describe something that has been damaged?
(11) What words describe something that has to do with seeing?
(11) What words describe something that is approximately the same as another thing?
(11) What words describe something that is blocked from view?
(11) What words describe something that is not needed?
(11) What words describe something that will not burn?
(11) What words describe something to do with old people?
(11) What words describe something to do with the eyes?
(11) What words describe the brightness of the sun?
(11) What words describe the way a person thinks?
(11) What words describe when the wind stops?
(11) What words indicate how full something is?
(11) What words indicate how small something is?
(11) What words indicate that a part of one thing is the same as part of something else?
(11) What words indicate that someone or something makes you think of another person or thing because they are similar?
(11) What words indicate that something happens or someone does something more than before?
(11) What words indicate that something is true of your whole life?
(11) What words indicate that the sentence is a command?
(11) What words indicate that you do something without making any noise?
(11) What words refer to a disease of the nose and throat?
(11) What words refer to a good smell?
(11) What words refer to a pain that lasts a short time?
(11) What words refer to a thin stomach?
(11) What words refer to a unit of length?
(11) What words refer to a unit of volume?
(11) What words refer to acting in an angry manner?
(11) What words refer to all the words of a language?
(11) What words refer to attacking someone who has attacked you?
(11) What words refer to becoming louder?
(11) What words refer to being afraid of being in a high place?
(11) What words refer to being fatter than another person?
(11) What words refer to being fired from a job?
(11) What words refer to being unable to breathe?
(11) What words refer to calling to an animal?
(11) What words refer to causing someone to feel happy?
(11) What words refer to causing something to move away from you without touching it?
(11) What words refer to changing something that is old, so that it is like new?
(11) What words refer to coming before something else in a series?
(11) What words refer to crustaceans (phylum Arthropoda, class Crustacea)?
(11) What words refer to dew?
(11) What words refer to dirt, sand, and rocks washed down by a river?
(11) What words refer to enjoying being praised?
(11) What words refer to giving advice when the person doesn't want it?
(11) What words refer to having sex with many people?
(11) What words refer to how big something is?
(11) What words refer to making something more interesting?
(11) What words refer to marrying a close relative?
(11) What words refer to marrying secretly?
(11) What words refer to measuring an area?
(11) What words refer to reducing pain or a bad feeling?
(11) What words refer to religious practices that are done in ignorance?
(11) What words refer to reuniting things that have come apart?
(11) What words refer to someone becoming bad?
(11) What words refer to someone who is hurt or killed in a war?
(11) What words refer to someone who makes and sells medicine?
(11) What words refer to someone who worries a lot?
(11) What words refer to something becoming cold?
(11) What words refer to something becoming hot?
(11) What words refer to something becoming untied by accident?
(11) What words refer to something being pulled along behind?
(11) What words refer to something falling onto its side?
(11) What words refer to something making someone proud?
(11) What words refer to something soaking up water?
(11) What words refer to something that is the first of its kind?
(11) What words refer to something used to throw things?
(11) What words refer to stepping on something?
(11) What words refer to stopping looking at something and look at something else?
(11) What words refer to telling a sick person what to do in order to get well?
(11) What words refer to the action of releasing a person from prison?
(11) What words refer to the flowers?
(11) What words refer to the husband and wife after the wedding?
(11) What words refer to the most exciting part of something?
(11) What words refer to the person or group that people think will win?
(11) What words refer to the person who was killed?
(11) What words refer to the small bumps on your skin when you are cold, ill, or frightened?
(11) What words refer to the sound of something breaking?
(11) What words refer to the sport of climbing?
(11) What words refer to the spots on the moon?
(11) What words refer to the thick part that can form on the top of a liquid?
(11) What words refer to the things used in a drama?
(11) What words refer to the time just before dawn?
(11) What words refer to the type of weather a place normally has?
(11) What words refer to trying not to laugh?
(11) What words refer to trying to find something that is interesting because you are bored?
(11) What words refer to trying to prevent people from paying attention to you?
(11) What words refer to trying to stop yourself from feeling sorry?
(11) What words refer to using or giving a lot of something?
(11) What words refer to water turning into ice?
(11) What words refer to when part of a mountain falls?
(11) What words refer to when people start to disapprove of something?
(11) What words refer to writing your name?
(12) andative: agent moves away from the deictic center in order to do something, literally 'be going to do something'. Of course such forms are often related to the verb 'to go' and also may have uses of intention and future.
(12) immediate future: what is about to occur.
(12) In English 'Order' can be expressed by a noun phrase with the 'Item' marked by 'of'.
(12) inceptive: the action or event begins. We are distinguishing this from the beginning of a state.
(12) inference from reasoning: the speaker infers the situation described on the basis of intuition, logic, a dream, previous experience, or some other mental construct.
(12) subordinator: marker indicates that the verb is in a subordinate clause. 
(12) This indicates that a morpheme meaning 'if' obligatorily occurs in the protasis. If no such morpheme is necessary, then there will be no co-occurrence restriction.
(12) What affixes indicate that the sentence is a command?
(12) What are the occupations in politics?
(12) What are the parts of a playing area?
(12) What are the parts of a vine?
(12) What are the signs that someone is afraid?
(12) What do athletes do?
(12) What do people do to mountains?
(12) What do people say to stop someone from crying?
(12) What do people use to protect themselves from the rain?
(12) What instruments are used to measure the length of something?
(12) What instruments are used to measure volume?
(12) What is the place called where the game is played?
(12) What kinds of buildings are found at airports?
(12) What refer to the sun heating things?
(12) What sounds do snakes make?
(12) What tools are used to tend a fire?
(12) What types of artillery are there?
(12) What types of bananas are there?
(12) What words are used for animals that perform a special task?
(12) What words describe a large number or amount?
(12) What words describe a part of your body that has been injured?
(12) What words describe a person who becomes excited easily?
(12) What words describe a place that causes someone to feel sad?
(12) What words describe colors that do not look good together?
(12) What words describe good or bad advice?
(12) What words describe hitting something with a lot of force?
(12) What words describe someone who does not need anything?
(12) What words describe someone who is only interested in enjoying themselves?
(12) What words describe something said or done in an angry manner?
(12) What words describe something that can be damaged easily?
(12) What words describe something that can soak up water?
(12) What words describe something that feels bad?
(12) What words describe something that has been exposed to the weather for a long time?
(12) What words describe something that has no taste?
(12) What words describe something that is almost full?
(12) What words describe something that is made small enough to carry?
(12) What words describe something that is old, but has been made to look new?
(12) What words describe something that someone is doing or feeling more than before?
(12) What words describe the direction of the wind?
(12) What words indicate how big something is?
(12) What words indicate that something is done in approximately the right way?
(12) What words indicate that two things are the same in some way?
(12) What words refer to a bad smell?
(12) What words refer to a building falling?
(12) What words refer to a disease of the lungs?
(12) What words refer to a person killed in war?
(12) What words refer to a prostitute?
(12) What words refer to a short form of a word?
(12) What words refer to a single step?
(12) What words refer to a unit of depth?
(12) What words refer to a unit of measure of area?
(12) What words refer to acting with too much emotion?
(12) What words refer to allowing other people to practice their religion?
(12) What words refer to being unable to escape?
(12) What words refer to causing pain?
(12) What words refer to causing something to move towards you without touching it?
(12) What words refer to centipedes--animals with a body with many segments and two legs on each segment (phylum Arthropoda, class Chilopoda)?
(12) What words refer to curing someone?
(12) What words refer to decreasing what a machine is doing?
(12) What words refer to dirt in the hair?
(12) What words refer to doing something before someone else does it?
(12) What words refer to doing something often because you are interested in it?
(12) What words refer to doing something to show a feeling?
(12) What words refer to feeling happy again after feeling sad?
(12) What words refer to going on strike?
(12) What words refer to how fat someone is?
(12) What words refer to making something cold?
(12) What words refer to making something hot?
(12) What words refer to marrying your brother's widow?
(12) What words refer to not being worried?
(12) What words refer to not having enough of something?
(12) What words refer to one person causing another person to be bad?
(12) What words refer to paying attention to more than one thing?
(12) What words refer to protecting a baby?
(12) What words refer to pushing something from all directions?
(12) What words refer to removing the thick part on top?
(12) What words refer to smiling?
(12) What words refer to snow and ice turning into water?
(12) What words refer to something becoming uninteresting?
(12) What words refer to something being older than other things like it?
(12) What words refer to something that is stolen?
(12) What words refer to staying awake and not going to sleep?
(12) What words refer to stopping breathing?
(12) What words refer to stopping someone from behaving proudly by criticizing them?
(12) What words refer to sweet foods?
(12) What words refer to the annual migration of animals?
(12) What words refer to the area of land drained by a river?
(12) What words refer to the day of a wedding which is celebrated every year?
(12) What words refer to the number of people who die from the same cause?
(12) What words refer to the phases of the moon?
(12) What words refer to the quality of being similar?
(12) What words refer to the sound of two things rubbing against each other?
(12) What words refer to the time when you wake up?
(12) What words refer to things coming apart?
(12) What words refer to trying not to think about something?
(12) What words refer to trying to become thin?
(12) What words refer to tying something a second time after it has come untied?
(13) delimited: action is performed only a little.
(13) immediate past: occurring immediately before the moment of speech. Also called the Recent Past. Do not use this label if there is any sense of current relevance--use anterior for that.
(13) venitive: the agent moves toward the deictic center in order to do something, literally 'be coming to do something'. This may be related to the verb 'to come' and may have future uses as well.
(13) What are the occupations in childcare?
(13) What are the parts of a playing area?
(13) What are the parts of grass?
(13) What do people do when they are sad?
(13) What does the wind do?
(13) What else does the sun do?
(13) What foods are eaten away from home (for instance on a journey or at work)?
(13) What happens to things and people when they get hot?
(13) What happens to things when they get cold?
(13) What instruments are used to measure an area?
(13) What kinds of buildings are used for meetings?
(13) What noises do frogs make?
(13) What other ways do people show they feel good?
(13) What special events feature animals?
(13) What types of bombs are there?
(13) What types of plants have edible roots?
(13) What words are only used in the imperative?
(13) What words describe a liquid with lumps in it?
(13) What words describe a part of the body that is fat?
(13) What words describe a system of lengths?
(13) What words describe a system of measures?
(13) What words describe a very large number or amount?
(13) What words describe someone who cannot see color?
(13) What words describe someone who does not show many emotions?
(13) What words describe something having to do with marriage?
(13) What words describe something or someone that has been replaced by a new one?
(13) What words describe something that has a sweet taste?
(13) What words describe something that is approximately the same as another thing?
(13) What words describe something that is shallow?
(13) What words describe something that is stolen?
(13) What words do people use to say that something smells bad?
(13) What words indicate the condition of a conditional sentence?
(13) What words refer to a disease of the heart?
(13) What words refer to a good feeling?
(13) What words refer to a person or thing that existed before another?
(13) What words refer to a place you can travel through the mountains?
(13) What words refer to a section of speech?
(13) What words refer to an injury?
(13) What words refer to animals moving in a group?
(13) What words refer to becoming more excited?
(13) What words refer to causing someone to fall?
(13) What words refer to frozen ground?
(13) What words refer to killing someone by stopping them from breathing?
(13) What words refer to losing someone in death?
(13) What words refer to measuring how big something is?
(13) What words refer to millipedes--animals with a body with many segments and four legs on each segment (phylum Arthropoda, class Diplopoda)?
(13) What words refer to not being worried about something that you were worried about before?
(13) What words refer to not having enough of something to do what you want?
(13) What words refer to preventing someone from going to sleep?
(13) What words refer to pushing something into an opening or into something soft?
(13) What words refer to saying that two things are the same in some way?
(13) What words refer to something being partly full?
(13) What words refer to something causing pain?
(13) What words refer to something slowly reducing the number or amount of something?
(13) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel happy?
(13) What words refer to something that cures someone?
(13) What words refer to something that is new?
(13) What words refer to something used to kill someone?
(13) What words refer to something you do because you are interested in it?
(13) What words refer to something you do to enjoy yourself?
(13) What words refer to stopping thinking about something?
(13) What words refer to studying the weather?
(13) What words refer to the goal of a sport?
(13) What words refer to the length of your step?
(13) What words refer to the movement of a river?
(13) What words refer to the sound of metal or glass hitting something?
(13) What words refer to the time it takes for the moon to go through its phases?
(13) What words refer to the way in which two things are similar?
(13) What words refer to trying to stop someone from feeling angry?
(13) What words refer to two or more people pulling on both ends of something?
(13) What words refer to two things moving so that they hit each other?
(13) What words refer to what prostitutes do?
(14) Immediate may also be combined with anterior or imperative.
(14) The preceding terms or "Aspects" are not usually relevant to stative words.
(14) What are the occupations in religion?
(14) What are the parts of a bomb?
(14) What are the parts of maize?
(14) What do people say when they are happy?
(14) What do robbers do with the things they steal?
(14) What equipment is used to treat illness?
(14) What happens to people when they get cold?
(14) What instruments are used to study the weather?
(14) What kinds of buildings are used for watching games and shows?
(14) What plants are eaten by animals?
(14) What sounds do crocodiles make?
(14) What sounds does a person make when he is sad?
(14) What special places are reserved for animals?
(14) What words are used of the outcome of a game?
(14) What words describe a small area?
(14) What words describe a time when it snows?
(14) What words describe an illness or wound that will cause the person to die?
(14) What words describe clothes that make you feel warm?
(14) What words describe something being blown by the wind?
(14) What words describe something that can be smelled easily?
(14) What words describe something that can kill someone?
(14) What words describe something that causes someone to feel happy?
(14) What words describe something that has been mentioned before?
(14) What words describe something that is full and overflowing?
(14) What words describe something that is not sweet?
(14) What words describe the damage done by sunlight?
(14) What words describe the seriousness of an injury?
(14) What words refer to a bad feeling?
(14) What words refer to a color or pattern of colors used by a group of people to identify themselves?
(14) What words refer to a disease of the liver?
(14) What words refer to a fat stomach?
(14) What words refer to a section of writing?
(14) What words refer to a shallow place?
(14) What words refer to a unit of size?
(14) What words refer to an amount of something that has been measured by a particular container?
(14) What words refer to animal tracks?
(14) What words refer to becoming less angry?
(14) What words refer to becoming less excited?
(14) What words refer to bubbles in or on a liquid?
(14) What words refer to causing something to fall?
(14) What words refer to changing something that is new, so that it looks like it is old?
(14) What words refer to controlling your feelings?
(14) What words refer to failing to think about what you are doing?
(14) What words refer to having sex by yourself?
(14) What words refer to helping someone stop worrying?
(14) What words refer to helping someone who has stopped breathing to breathe again?
(14) What words refer to horseshoe crabs (phylum Arthropoda, class Merostomata)?
(14) What words refer to pushing something into a small space?
(14) What words refer to relieving pain?
(14) What words refer to someone who does not want other people to enjoy themselves?
(14) What words refer to something hitting and then bouncing?
(14) What words refer to the sound of water?
(14) What words refer to the way in which a person walks?
(15) expected future: the situation is to occur in the near future; what is scheduled to happen.
(15) What are the occupations in transportation?
(15) What are the parts of a banana plant?
(15) What are the winners and losers called?
(15) What do people say when something bad happens and they want to say they are sad about it?
(15) What do people say when they don't want someone to worry?
(15) What do people use to protect themselves from the sun?
(15) What general words refer to an aspect of an event?
(15) What instruments are used to measure the direction or force of the wind?
(15) What instruments are used to measure the size of something?
(15) What kinds of buildings are used for schools?
(15) What plants are used for making fibers, cloth or rope?
(15) What sounds do fish make?
(15) What things do people use to stay warm when it is cold?
(15) What tools are used by robbers?
(15) What words describe a person who does not feel excited?
(15) What words describe a person whose emotions are so strong that they lose control?
(15) What words describe a small container?
(15) What words describe a time period when you feel happy?
(15) What words describe books and movies that are about sex?
(15) What words describe clothes that make you feel cool?
(15) What words describe someone who is not injured?
(15) What words describe something that cannot be smelled easily?
(15) What words describe something that has a sour taste?
(15) What words describe something that has snow or ice on it?
(15) What words describe something that is unlikely to cause someone to feel angry?
(15) What words do people use to say that something feels bad?
(15) What words refer to a group of words that express a particular meaning?
(15) What words refer to a person who thinks a lot?
(15) What words refer to a report about the weather?
(15) What words refer to brachiopods--animals with two shells and two arms (phylum Brachiopoda)?
(15) What words refer to how big around an area is?
(15) What words refer to making noise because you are in pain?
(15) What words refer to measuring the length of something by counting your steps?
(15) What words refer to preventing disease?
(15) What words refer to pushing yourself into a small space?
(15) What words refer to sexually transmitted  disease?
(15) What words refer to something such as an accident or disease killing someone?
(15) What words refer to something that is old?
(15) What words refer to the sound of the wind or air?
(15) What words refer to things shot from weapons?
(15) What words refer to water falling?
(16) narrative time: the use of a form with no other past uses for reporting a past narrative.
(16) What are the occupations in the police and military?
(16) What are the parts of a coconut tree?
(16) What awards are given to the winner?
(16) What do people say when they don't need to worry anymore?
(16) What kinds of buildings are used in religion?
(16) What other types of weapons are there?
(16) What sounds do insects make?
(16) What sounds does the wind make?
(16) What species of ferns are there?
(16) What things do people use to stay cool when it is hot?
(16) What words are used of telling time by the sun?
(16) What words are used to indicate that something has begun?
(16) What words describe a system of measures?
(16) What words describe something that can be felt?
(16) What words describe something that can injure someone?
(16) What words describe something that has a bitter taste?
(16) What words describe something that has no smell?
(16) What words describe something that is neither hot nor cold?
(16) What words describe something that you wish had not happened?
(16) What words refer to a disease of the bones and joints?
(16) What words refer to animals with spiny skins (phylum Echinodermata)?
(16) What words refer to catching a thief?
(16) What words refer to controlling your feelings again after losing control?
(16) What words refer to doing something that might result in your death?
(16) What words refer to falling into water?
(16) What words refer to how hard you push?
(16) What words refer to moving because you are in pain?
(16) What words refer to sex between close relatives?
(16) What words refer to someone who walks?
(16) What words refer to the sound of fire?
(16) What words refer to two words that are often used together?
(17) gnomic present: the situation described in the proposition is generic; the predicate has held, holds, and will hold for the class of entities named by the subject, such as 'Elephants have trunks'. 
(17) What do people do when they are worried?
(17) What do people say when they don't want someone to feel sad?
(17) What do people say when they want someone else to start?
(17) What do you say when you are hurt?
(17) What equipment is used in sports?
(17) What is a person called who is very good at his job?
(17) What is new growth on a plant called?
(17) What kinds of buildings are made to remind people of something or someone?
(17) What sounds do people make with their mouths other than speaking or singing?
(17) What species of horsetails are there?
(17) What words describe something that cannot be felt?
(17) What words describe something that cannot injure someone?
(17) What words describe something that has a salty taste?
(17) What words describe something that is not big or small?
(17) What words refer to a place where a person walks?
(17) What words refer to arrow worms (phylum Chaetognatha)?
(17) What words refer to cancer?
(17) What words refer to doing something that results in your death?
(17) What words refer to forcing a woman to have sex?
(17) What words refer to pushing something with wheels?
(17) What words refer to something beginning to smell?
(17) What words refer to the force that causes things to fall?
(17) What words refer to using a weapon?
(17) What words refer to using the power of the sun?
(18) What general words refer to the tense of an event?
(18) What is a group of fruit called?
(18) What is a person called who starts something?
(18) What is the place called where sports are played?
(18) What sounds do babies make?
(18) What species of club mosses are there?
(18) What words are used of finding a job?
(18) What words describe different kinds of buildings?
(18) What words refer to a mark on the ground left by a person's foot?
(18) What words refer to feeling things more than most people?
(18) What words refer to helping someone who feels sad to feel good?
(18) What words refer to keeping something from falling?
(18) What words refer to killing an animal?
(18) What words refer to not causing pain?
(18) What words refer to sex between two people of the same sex?
(18) What words refer to shooting a weapon?
(18) What words refer to something being big on one side or end?
(18) What words refer to something not smelling any longer?
(19) What are the parts of the playing field?
(19) What liquids are produced by plants?
(19) What types of armor are there?
(19) What words are used of doing a job?
(19) What words are used to indicate that someone is attempting to do something?
(19) What words are used to indicate the present tense?
(19) What words describe something that is too big?
(19) What words refer to a smell spreading?
(19) What words refer to having sex with a child?
(19) What words refer to not being able to feel anything?
(19) What words refer to the effect of walking on something?
(19) What words refer to the sound of thunder?
(2) ability, mental: English: 'Melissa can speak Dutch'.
(2) anterior continuing: past action continues into the present: 'I have waited over an hour' ( = and I'm still waiting).
(2) Complement clauses: A main verb may take as its direct object a clause. These are often referred to as "Noun clauses" or "Noun complements". The verb form of the subordinate clause is usually determined by the semantics of the main verb, so in this case, our meaning labels will just refer to the context. If a verb form occurs in the complements to words of thinking and believing, the meaning label will be complement to words of thinking and believing.
(2) continuous: a single situation is viewed as in progress, as maintained over a period of time; also called "durative." The English "Progressive" is a continuous restricted to dynamic words. English 'I am reading; *I am knowing the number'.
(2) English has an interjection that is added to a statement that has the effect of questioning something about it.
(2) How do carnivores eat?
(2) How do cows move?
(2) How do you say that something means something?
(2) How do you tell someone to wait?
(2) How does someone build a foundation?
(2) If something has two sides, what words refer to the other side?
(2) In English 'Containership' can be expressed by a clause using the verb 'contain' with the 'Container' in the subject position and the 'Content' in the object position.
(2) In English the Beneficiary can be the object, but many languages do not allow this.
(2) In English the Recipient can be the object, but many languages do not allow this.
(2) multiples of ten
(2) optative: the proposition represents the speaker's will. Translated into English as 'May you prosper', 'May we all meet again.' with counterfactual: 'If only he had...', etc.
(2) past: the situation occurred before the moment of speech.
(2) probability: the speaker is indicating that the situation described in the proposition is probably true. Some marker with this meaning also indicate future time. This is sometimes called the "Dubitative" in grammars: 'Paula should be home by now'.
(2) purpose: the clause states the purpose for which the main clause action is taking place. Often called a "final" clause: 'He was saving his money so that his son could go to college'.
(2) state commences: beginning of a state of "becoming." Often called Inceptive or Inchoative. If there is a morpheme specifically for this meaning, it is usually derivational and restricted to stative words. However, it is also possible for "Perfects" or "Perfectives" to have this as their use with stative words.
(2) There are at least three types of conditional sentences. (Labels, explanations, and examples from Li and Thompson 1981): [Li, Charles N., and Sandra A. Thompson. 1981. Mandarin Chinese: A functional reference grammar. Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press.]
(2) visual evidence: the speaker claims to have seen the situation described.
(2) What activities are involved in lumbering?
(2) What affixes are used to show respect?
(2) What animals are in the dog family?
(2) What are the members of the king's family called?
(2) What are the military ranks?
(2) What are the names of districts within a city?
(2) What are the names of each finger?
(2) What are the names of each of the internal organs?
(2) What are the names of particular types of medicine?
(2) What are the names of specific skin diseases?
(2) What are the names of the constellations?
(2) What are the names of the lakes in the language area?
(2) What are the names of the mountain ranges in the language area?
(2) What are the names of the official religions?
(2) What are the names of the planets?
(2) What are the occupations in agriculture?
(2) What are the parts of a boat?
(2) What are the parts of a chair?
(2) What are the parts of a church?
(2) What are the parts of a feast?
(2) What are the parts of a fireplace?
(2) What are the parts of a knife?
(2) What are the parts of a roof?
(2) What are the parts of a table?
(2) What are the parts of a tooth?
(2) What are the parts of a turtle?
(2) What are the parts of a volcano?
(2) What are the parts of a wall?
(2) What are the parts of a wave?
(2) What are the parts of a window?
(2) What are the parts of the arm?
(2) What are the parts of the blood vessels?
(2) What are the parts of the ear?
(2) What are the parts of the eye?
(2) What are the parts of the head?
(2) What are the parts of the leg?
(2) What are the parts of the mouth?
(2) What are the parts of the nose?
(2) What are the parts of the torso?
(2) What are the parts of worms?
(2) What are the proper names of the neighboring countries?
(2) What are the steps in brewing?
(2) What are the steps in building a building?
(2) What are the steps is washing clothes?
(2) What are the symptoms of hunger?
(2) What are the types of dances?
(2) What are the types of instruments that have strings that you pluck?
(2) What buildings and containers are used to store the harvest?
(2) What causes crop failure?
(2) What containers are used for salt?
(2) What covers are put on a bed?
(2) What crops are threshed?
(2) What do clouds do?
(2) What do drops of water do?
(2) What do earthquakes do?
(2) What do people cover their floors with?
(2) What do people do to garbage?
(2) What do people do while dreaming?
(2) What do people do with cabinets?
(2) What do people say when they refuse to do something?
(2) What do people say when they want someone to come?
(2) What do people say when they want someone to do something for a long time?
(2) What do people say when they want someone to go away?
(2) What do people use to clean their teeth?
(2) What do police do?
(2) What does a blacksmith do?
(2) What does lightning do?
(2) What does the rain do?
(2) What does the snow do?
(2) What does the stomach do?
(2) What does the tide do?
(2) What equipment is used to fish with a net?
(2) What general types of small plants are there?
(2) What general words are used of a person stopping a fire?
(2) What general words refer to all of something's attributes or manners?
(2) What general words refer to changing your posture?
(2) What general words refer to moss?
(2) What general words refer to secretions of the body?
(2) What general words refer to things people put on themselves in addition to clothes?
(2) What general words refer to using water to remove dirt?
(2) What greetings are used to welcome a guest?
(2) What is a group of musicians called?
(2) What is a musical event called?
(2) What is a person called who believes in the (Christian) religion?
(2) What is a person called who gives testimony?
(2) What is a person called who is imprisoned?
(2) What is a person called who protects someone?
(2) What is a person called who takes care of another?
(2) What is a person called who works with glass?
(2) What is a prepared field called?
(2) What is a very good house called?
(2) What is a written record of times and events called?
(2) What is one game called?
(2) What is the earth called in distinction to heaven or the sky?
(2) What is the place called where dead people are?
(2) What is the staff of a court?
(2) What kinds of braids are there?
(2) What kinds of buildings are used by animals?
(2) What kinds of doors are there?
(2) What kinds of houses are there?
(2) What kinds of rooms are there in a house?
(2) What kinds of things are used to provide light in a house?
(2) What kinds of uniforms are there?
(2) What kinds of vehicles are used by children or for play?
(2) What materials are used to anoint the body?
(2) What materials are used to make walls?
(2) What methods and materials are used to preserve food?
(2) What methods are used for making a decision by chance?
(2) What methods are used to catch fish?
(2) What methods of using tobacco are there?
(2) What names are given to dogs?
(2) What names are used to refer to someone when you don't know their name.
(2) What noises do people make to show they are mourning?
(2) What other terms are used for the days of the week?
(2) What pairs of words refer to male and female people?
(2) What part is cut off?
(2) What plant products are used for the roof of a building?
(2) What plants are used as medicine?
(2) What pronouns express indefinite reference of a thing?
(2) What pronouns express reciprocal reference?
(2) What pronouns refer to the speaker?
(2) What question words ask for an adjective in the answer?
(2) What question words ask for the manner in which something is done?
(2) What question words ask for the way in which something is done?
(2) What seeds are used to make oil?
(2) What social groups exist in your culture?
(2) What sounds do cows make?
(2) What special clothes are worn for work?
(2) What special words are used for harvesting each crop?
(2) What species of amphibians are there?
(2) What species of freshwater fish are there?
(2) What species of insects are there?
(2) What species of lizard are there?
(2) What species of marsupials are there?
(2) What species of pangolin are there?
(2) What species of primates are there?
(2) What species of rodent are there?
(2) What species of spiders are there?
(2) What species of turtles are there?
(2) What species of two-toed hoofed animals are there?
(2) What species of whales and dolphins are there?
(2) What steps are involved in preparing a body for burial?
(2) What styles of music are there?
(2) What things are made from leather?
(2) What things are used to knit?
(2) What things are used to mill grain?
(2) What things are used to prevent pregnancy?
(2) What things are used to punish someone?
(2) What things are woven?
(2) What titles of address are used to refer to or speak to a person of high status?
(2) What tools and machines are used to spin thread?
(2) What tools and machines are used to water plants?
(2) What tools are used for digging?
(2) What tools are used to care for the nails?
(2) What tools are used to cut grass?
(2) What tools are used to draw a line?
(2) What tools are used to shave?
(2) What tools are used to trim plants?
(2) What tools are used to wash dishes?
(2) What tools are used?
(2) What types of air force units are there?
(2) What types of airplanes are there?
(2) What types of alcoholic drinks are there?
(2) What types of animal poisons are there?
(2) What types of animals are eaten?
(2) What types of art are there?
(2) What types of bats are there?
(2) What types of bushes are there?
(2) What types of ceremonies are there?
(2) What types of drinks are there?
(2) What types of eels are there?
(2) What types of eggs are there?
(2) What types of festivals are there?
(2) What types of fire are there?
(2) What types of gambling games are there?
(2) What types of games are there?
(2) What types of gas are there?
(2) What types of gourds are eaten?
(2) What types of grain are eaten?
(2) What types of jewels are there?
(2) What types of maps are there?
(2) What types of metal are there?
(2) What types of minerals are there?
(2) What types of narcotics are there?
(2) What types of oil are there?
(2) What types of parasites live on plants?
(2) What types of snakes are there?
(2) What types of soft tissue are there?
(2) What types of spices are there?
(2) What types of stems are eaten?
(2) What types of stimulants are there?
(2) What types of stomach illness are there?
(2) What types of storms are there?
(2) What types of symptoms are there?
(2) What types of things are normally used as fuel?
(2) What types of trouble are there?
(2) What utensils are used to cut food?
(2) What ways can you cook an egg?
(2) What weapons are used to hunt animals?
(2) What word refer to one hair?
(2) What words (transitive verbs) indicate that someone is stopping something?
(2) What words and expressions are used when saying farewell?
(2) What words are used for division equations?
(2) What words are used for multiplication equations?
(2) What words are used for storing water?
(2) What words are used for subtraction equations?
(2) What words are used for the activity?
(2) What words are used for the days when a person works?
(2) What words are used for transporting clean water?
(2) What words are used of a good sleep?
(2) What words are used of animal shelters and enclosures?
(2) What words are used of causing or producing a state?
(2) What words are used of doubtful thoughts?
(2) What words are used of having more than one wife?
(2) What words are used of saving wealth?
(2) What words are used of separating people?
(2) What words are used of something changing color?
(2) What words are used of taking a picture?
(2) What words are used of telling a riddle?
(2) What words are used to describe something that is not interrupted?
(2) What words are used to describe something will continue forever?
(2) What words are used to describe the actions done with these tools?
(2) What words are used to describe the markings on an animal?
(2) What words are used to describe when two roads come together?
(2) What words are used to direct someone's attention to something?
(2) What words are used to express a slight case of these conditions?
(2) What words are used to indicate that an event is sudden?
(2) What words are used to indicate that something happens every day?
(2) What words are used to indicate that something happens every month?
(2) What words are used to indicate that something happens every week?
(2) What words are used to indicate that something happens every year?
(2) What words are used to indicate that you make something yourself rather than using a machine?
(2) What words are used to indicate the name of something?
(2) What words are used to indicate the speed of something?
(2) What words are used to introduce an example?
(2) What words are used to refer to a particular day?
(2) What words are used to refer to the action of affirming the truth of something?
(2) What words are used to refer to the knowledge or ability of an expert?
(2) What words are used to refer to the process of denying the truth of something?
(2) What words are used to refer to the state of being friends?
(2) What words are used to say how old someone is?
(2) What words are used to speak to a person in authority?
(2) What words describe a crowd?
(2) What words describe a deformed baby?
(2) What words describe a fire that is burning well?
(2) What words describe a friendship that has become bad?
(2) What words describe a good host?
(2) What words describe a good neighbor?
(2) What words describe a good sound?
(2) What words describe a greeting?
(2) What words describe a kind of color?
(2) What words describe a light that is very bright?
(2) What words describe a long distance?
(2) What words describe a loud voice?
(2) What words describe a man who is beautiful?
(2) What words describe a modern country?
(2) What words describe a person's stance toward a group?
(2) What words describe a person who can persuade others?
(2) What words describe a person who does good to other people?
(2) What words describe a person who has prepared?
(2) What words describe a person who has rested?
(2) What words describe a person who insists?
(2) What words describe a person who is determined?
(2) What words describe a person who is free?
(2) What words describe a person who is not cautious?
(2) What words describe a person who is not like most other people?
(2) What words describe a person who is willing to change his mind?
(2) What words describe a person who refuses to share?
(2) What words describe a person who tells the truth?
(2) What words describe a place that has no people in it?
(2) What words describe a place where there is little light?
(2) What words describe a plant that is old?
(2) What words describe a situation that exists now?
(2) What words describe a surface that something can easily slip on?
(2) What words describe a very big area?
(2) What words describe a very big container?
(2) What words describe a wind that only lasts a short time?
(2) What words describe an action that is done extremely quickly?
(2) What words describe an action that is done extremely slowly?
(2) What words describe an animal that is violent?
(2) What words describe an area that doesn't have many people?
(2) What words describe an area that is a swamp?
(2) What words describe an average number?
(2) What words describe an intelligent child?
(2) What words describe an old person who has become mentally ill?
(2) What words describe cloth?
(2) What words describe clothing?
(2) What words describe food that is cold?
(2) What words describe food that is hot?
(2) What words describe food that is not prohibited?
(2) What words describe food that makes you feel full?
(2) What words describe foolish talk?
(2) What words describe graceful movements?
(2) What words describe how a person bows?
(2) What words describe how a person is sitting?
(2) What words describe how a person lies down?
(2) What words describe land that is flat?
(2) What words describe metal that has rusted?
(2) What words describe personality traits?
(2) What words describe someone in a position of authority?
(2) What words describe someone who always has bad luck?
(2) What words describe someone who behaves like most other people?
(2) What words describe someone who despises someone?
(2) What words describe someone who does not like to be friendly and wants to be alone?
(2) What words describe someone who has a good reputation?
(2) What words describe someone who has fashionable things?
(2) What words describe someone who has mercy on another person?
(2) What words describe someone who is alert?
(2) What words describe someone who is alive?
(2) What words describe someone who is bent over?
(2) What words describe someone who is brave?
(2) What words describe someone who is clumsy and often has accidents?
(2) What words describe someone who is energetic and happy?
(2) What words describe someone who is good at noticing things?
(2) What words describe someone who is healthy and doesn't get sick?
(2) What words describe someone who is hostile?
(2) What words describe someone who is not devout?
(2) What words describe someone who is partially deaf?
(2) What words describe someone who is poor?
(2) What words describe someone who is rich?
(2) What words describe someone who is short?
(2) What words describe someone who is silent?
(2) What words describe someone who is strong and fat?
(2) What words describe someone who is tired and doesn't want to work?
(2) What words describe someone who is very bad?
(2) What words describe someone who is very fat?
(2) What words describe someone who is very thin?
(2) What words describe someone who is very ugly?
(2) What words describe someone who is weak because of being old or sick?
(2) What words describe someone who is younger than someone else?
(2) What words describe someone who makes bad decisions?
(2) What words describe someone who works hard?
(2) What words describe someone who works well?
(2) What words describe someone whose clothes and hair are untidy?
(2) What words describe something belonging to the water?
(2) What words describe something happening at the right time?
(2) What words describe something like a branch or rope that is thick?
(2) What words describe something like a branch or rope that is thin?
(2) What words describe something made of wood?
(2) What words describe something not made by people?
(2) What words describe something or someone that is known to many people?
(2) What words describe something or someone that is quiet?
(2) What words describe something that agrees or disagrees with the law?
(2) What words describe something that belongs to the water or is found in water?
(2) What words describe something that belongs to this world?
(2) What words describe something that can be stretched?
(2) What words describe something that cannot be moved?
(2) What words describe something that cannot move?
(2) What words describe something that existed or happened in the past?
(2) What words describe something that fits?
(2) What words describe something that happens early?
(2) What words describe something that happens last?
(2) What words describe something that happens late?
(2) What words describe something that happens next?
(2) What words describe something that happens often?
(2) What words describe something that happens on time?
(2) What words describe something that happens sometimes?
(2) What words describe something that has a blemish on it?
(2) What words describe something that has been dedicated?
(2) What words describe something that has been hung?
(2) What words describe something that has been improved?
(2) What words describe something that has been left behind?
(2) What words describe something that has been prepared?
(2) What words describe something that has been purified?
(2) What words describe something that has been twisted?
(2) What words describe something that has broken?
(2) What words describe something that has happened a particular number of times?
(2) What words describe something that has just been made?
(2) What words describe something that has qualities that make people interested in it?
(2) What words describe something that has sugar in it?
(2) What words describe something that is above something else?
(2) What words describe something that is colored with lines?
(2) What words describe something that is complicated?
(2) What words describe something that is dangerous?
(2) What words describe something that is dead?
(2) What words describe something that is decaying?
(2) What words describe something that is decreasing in number or amount?
(2) What words describe something that is difficult to understand?
(2) What words describe something that is dirty?
(2) What words describe something that is done by most people?
(2) What words describe something that is done deliberately?
(2) What words describe something that is easily broken?
(2) What words describe something that is easy to bend?
(2) What words describe something that is easy to understand?
(2) What words describe something that is facing or pointing upwards?
(2) What words describe something that is far?
(2) What words describe something that is good?
(2) What words describe something that is growing?
(2) What words describe something that is hidden?
(2) What words describe something that is in the middle?
(2) What words describe something that is increasing in number or amount?
(2) What words describe something that is leaning?
(2) What words describe something that is liquid?
(2) What words describe something that is near?
(2) What words describe something that is necessary?
(2) What words describe something that is not convenient?
(2) What words describe something that is not exact?
(2) What words describe something that is not perfect?
(2) What words describe something that is not symmetrical?
(2) What words describe something that is old fashioned and no longer used?
(2) What words describe something that is on the back?
(2) What words describe something that is on the bottom?
(2) What words describe something that is on the end?
(2) What words describe something that is on the front?
(2) What words describe something that is on the inside?
(2) What words describe something that is on the outside?
(2) What words describe something that is on the top?
(2) What words describe something that is open?
(2) What words describe something that is real and not imagined?
(2) What words describe something that is right for a particular job?
(2) What words describe something that is said or done to mock someone?
(2) What words describe something that is shiny like metal?
(2) What words describe something that is shut?
(2) What words describe something that is very big?
(2) What words describe something that is very deep?
(2) What words describe something that is very heavy?
(2) What words describe something that is very high?
(2) What words describe something that is very light?
(2) What words describe something that is very low?
(2) What words describe something that is very narrow?
(2) What words describe something that is very old?
(2) What words describe something that is very small?
(2) What words describe something that is very tall?
(2) What words describe something that is very useful?
(2) What words describe something that is very wet?
(2) What words describe something that light shines through but you can't see through clearly?
(2) What words describe something that makes you feel comfortable?
(2) What words describe something that makes you suspect someone?
(2) What words describe something that many people like?
(2) What words describe something that people do to each other?
(2) What words describe something that people do together?
(2) What words describe something that produces light?
(2) What words describe something that someone does not deserve?
(2) What words describe something that will exist or happen in the future?
(2) What words describe something that you can recognize?
(2) What words describe something that you lack?
(2) What words describe speech that a person cannot hear well enough to understand?
(2) What words describe the color of a person's hair?
(2) What words describe the condition of a person's hair?
(2) What words describe the ground when it is dry?
(2) What words describe the ground when there is no rain?
(2) What words describe the manner in which a person can drink?
(2) What words describe the manner of killing someone?
(2) What words describe the quality of a person's voice?
(2) What words describe the quality of the soil?
(2) What words describe the sky when the stars are shining?
(2) What words describe the states of water?
(2) What words describe the surface of the water when it is rough?
(2) What words describe the way a person laughs?
(2) What words describe the weather when it is good?
(2) What words describe things in a series?
(2) What words describe things that alternate?
(2) What words describe two things that are the same?
(2) What words describe types of plants?
(2) What words describe valleys?
(2) What words describe water for drinking?
(2) What words describe when a person feels bad about his conditions or situation?
(2) What words describe whether something can be eaten or not?
(2) What words described something that is tangled?
(2) What words do people use when giving advice?
(2) What words do people use when they are asking permission to do something?
(2) What words do people use when they give someone permission?
(2) What words do people use when they start to explain something?
(2) What words do you use when you talk to someone in your peer group?
(2) What words express how mucus drains from the nose?
(2) What words indicate a degree on a scale?
(2) What words indicate a point on a scale?
(2) What words indicate an amount that is more than an amount already mentioned?
(2) What words indicate an event or action that is first?
(2) What words indicate some of an amount of something?
(2) What words indicate someone who does something with another person?
(2) What words indicate that a number or amount is exact?
(2) What words indicate that a person has decided to change his behavior?
(2) What words indicate that a situation exists during a time period?
(2) What words indicate that a situation happened at a different place as another situation?
(2) What words indicate that a task cannot be done?
(2) What words indicate that an event happened a very short time ago?
(2) What words indicate that only one person does something?
(2) What words indicate that some people do something separately?
(2) What words indicate that someone deserves the problems they are having?
(2) What words indicate that someone has almost reached a place?
(2) What words indicate that someone seems to be doing something, or something seems to be happening?
(2) What words indicate that something bad almost happened, but it did not?
(2) What words indicate that something can be done?
(2) What words indicate that something happened during the time when something else was happening?
(2) What words indicate that something happened immediately?
(2) What words indicate that something happens after a certain period of time?
(2) What words indicate that something happens at the same time as something else?
(2) What words indicate that something happens before now or before a particular time?
(2) What words indicate that something happens for a very short time?
(2) What words indicate that something happens sometimes but not regularly?
(2) What words indicate that something has more of a quality than another thing?
(2) What words indicate that something is a particular color?
(2) What words indicate that something is being identified?
(2) What words indicate that something is continuing?
(2) What words indicate that something is contrary to reason?
(2) What words indicate that something is done one part at a time?
(2) What words indicate that something is happening at some time?
(2) What words indicate that something is in a lower position or on a lower level?
(2) What words indicate that something is less than a particular number or amount?
(2) What words indicate that something is located somewhere?
(2) What words indicate that something is next to something long such as a road?
(2) What words indicate that something is not true?
(2) What words indicate that something is probably true?
(2) What words indicate that something is the cause or reason for an event or state?
(2) What words indicate that something is true of one person instead of another person?
(2) What words indicate that something is two or three times the amount of something else?
(2) What words indicate that something is uncertain, but it is likely that something bad will happen?
(2) What words indicate that something moves (from one place) to another place?
(2) What words indicate that something moves from one place (to another place)?
(2) What words indicate that something or someone is in the correct or expected place?
(2) What words indicate that something seems to be true, but is not true?
(2) What words indicate that something should be done?
(2) What words indicate that something sounds like another thing or sounds a particular way?
(2) What words indicate that something started in the past and continued until now?
(2) What words indicate that something will certainly happen?
(2) What words indicate that something will not happen until something else happens?
(2) What words indicate that the purpose is so that something will not happen?
(2) What words indicate that the speaker is guessing about a number or amount, but is not certain?
(2) What words indicate that there are a large number of things or people?
(2) What words indicate that there are two of something?
(2) What words indicate that there is a very small amount of something?
(2) What words indicate that there is enough of something for what you need?
(2) What words indicate that there is more than enough of something?
(2) What words indicate that there is only a particular number or amount of something?
(2) What words indicate that two numbers or amounts are different?
(2) What words indicate that two people are connected somehow?
(2) What words indicate that when one thing happens something else always happens?
(2) What words indicate that you are adding something new to what you just said?
(2) What words indicate that you heard what you are saying from someone else?
(2) What words indicate that you think something is true, but you have no proof of it?
(2) What words indicate that your situation makes it impossible for you to do something?
(2) What words indicate the distance between two places?
(2) What words indicate the object of a sentence?
(2) What words indicate the order in which your brothers and sisters were born?
(2) What words indicate the state that something is in?
(2) What words indicate what something is about?
(2) What words intensify an attribute to an extreme degree?
(2) What words refer moving to a higher status or position in an organization?
(2) What words refer to a baby being born?
(2) What words refer to a big accident?
(2) What words refer to a branch of science?
(2) What words refer to a brief description of the major points or features of something?
(2) What words refer to a castrated animal?
(2) What words refer to a celebration when moving into a new house?
(2) What words refer to a celebration?
(2) What words refer to a collection of poems?
(2) What words refer to a competition?
(2) What words refer to a copy of something?
(2) What words refer to a crazy person?
(2) What words refer to a crime?
(2) What words refer to a dam used to stop the flow of water?
(2) What words refer to a dead body decaying?
(2) What words refer to a difficult birth?
(2) What words refer to a direction of the compass?
(2) What words refer to a disciple?
(2) What words refer to a disease that causes poor eyesight?
(2) What words refer to a disease that lasts a short time?
(2) What words refer to a dish for food?
(2) What words refer to a divorce?
(2) What words refer to a doctor operating on a woman to deliver a baby?
(2) What words refer to a fever increasing?
(2) What words refer to a fight?
(2) What words refer to a fire giving off something?
(2) What words refer to a forest or group of trees?
(2) What words refer to a game?
(2) What words refer to a gate?
(2) What words refer to a gesture?
(2) What words refer to a good life?
(2) What words refer to a good person?
(2) What words refer to a group of birds?
(2) What words refer to a group of events that happen in order?
(2) What words refer to a group of soldiers in the army?
(2) What words refer to a group of things of different types?
(2) What words refer to a group of things that belong together?
(2) What words refer to a group of weapons?
(2) What words refer to a group you are fighting against?
(2) What words refer to a hole dug in the ground?
(2) What words refer to a hospital for people who are mentally ill?
(2) What words refer to a large degree?
(2) What words refer to a lie?
(2) What words refer to a limit beyond which something may not move?
(2) What words refer to a list of people?
(2) What words refer to a logical way of thinking?
(2) What words refer to a major class of prepared food?
(2) What words refer to a man-made lake?
(2) What words refer to a mark on something?
(2) What words refer to a meal eaten at a particular time of day?
(2) What words refer to a member of a political party?
(2) What words refer to a method of preserving something?
(2) What words refer to a military organization?
(2) What words refer to a mistake in writing or speaking?
(2) What words refer to a mountain with a flat top?
(2) What words refer to a name your family or friends use for you that is not your real name?
(2) What words refer to a natural disaster?
(2) What words refer to a number of people or things?
(2) What words refer to a part of a city?
(2) What words refer to a part of an organization?
(2) What words refer to a part of the sacred writings?
(2) What words refer to a particular fraction of something?
(2) What words refer to a particular region of the earth?
(2) What words refer to a period of time?
(2) What words refer to a person's inability to do a job?
(2) What words refer to a person's race on the basis of their color?
(2) What words refer to a person's sense of humor (ability to joke)?
(2) What words refer to a person (or animal) who only eats plants?
(2) What words refer to a person belonging to a higher class?
(2) What words refer to a person hitting something?
(2) What words refer to a person when you aren't sure who the person is?
(2) What words refer to a person who attempts to define a set of beliefs?
(2) What words refer to a person who cannot speak?
(2) What words refer to a person who carves something?
(2) What words refer to a person who changes something?
(2) What words refer to a person who composes music?
(2) What words refer to a person who cuts hair?
(2) What words refer to a person who denies himself for religious purposes?
(2) What words refer to a person who disobeys?
(2) What words refer to a person who does not control himself?
(2) What words refer to a person who draws or paints?
(2) What words refer to a person who guides?
(2) What words refer to a person who has been ostracized?
(2) What words refer to a person who holds extreme beliefs?
(2) What words refer to a person who intercedes?
(2) What words refer to a person who is absent?
(2) What words refer to a person who lives in a house?
(2) What words refer to a person who manages a house?
(2) What words refer to a person who meddles?
(2) What words refer to a person who obeys?
(2) What words refer to a person who reads?
(2) What words refer to a person who saves another?
(2) What words refer to a person who says one thing but does something else?
(2) What words refer to a person who sells things?
(2) What words refer to a person who takes care of a building?
(2) What words refer to a person who takes something somewhere to sell it?
(2) What words refer to a person who teaches?
(2) What words refer to a person who tends animals?
(2) What words refer to a person who wanders?
(2) What words refer to a person who works for someone?
(2) What words refer to a person who works in a particular place?
(2) What words refer to a person who works with bricks?
(2) What words refer to a person who works with chemicals?
(2) What words refer to a person who works with electricity?
(2) What words refer to a person who works with stone?
(2) What words refer to a person who works with wood?
(2) What words refer to a person you don't know?
(2) What words refer to a piece of paper that says how much you must pay?
(2) What words refer to a piece that has flat sides?
(2) What words refer to a place near the listener?
(2) What words refer to a place that is made into a fort for a short time?
(2) What words refer to a place where many bodies are buried?
(2) What words refer to a place where minerals are mined?
(2) What words refer to a place where movies are shown?
(2) What words refer to a place where something is wide?
(2) What words refer to a plan?
(2) What words refer to a point?
(2) What words refer to a posture of giving honor?
(2) What words refer to a quarrel between people?
(2) What words refer to a reason that explains why something happened?
(2) What words refer to a record?
(2) What words refer to a reliable person?
(2) What words refer to a religious ceremony?
(2) What words refer to a religious group, which the official religion considers to be false?
(2) What words refer to a riot?
(2) What words refer to a river when it has a lot of water?
(2) What words refer to a saying taken from a book or movie?
(2) What words refer to a school for different ages?
(2) What words refer to a season related to the time of year?
(2) What words refer to a seed beginning to grow?
(2) What words refer to a self-controlled person?
(2) What words refer to a servant?
(2) What words refer to a set of tools?
(2) What words refer to a short way of getting somewhere?
(2) What words refer to a situation forcing someone to do something?
(2) What words refer to a situation that affects what can happen or what people can do? 
(2) What words refer to a stubborn person?
(2) What words refer to a substance dissolving in water?
(2) What words refer to a system of pipes?
(2) What words refer to a time period in history?
(2) What words refer to a tool used to join things together?
(2) What words refer to a train?
(2) What words refer to a vehicle that travels in space?
(2) What words refer to a woman's monthly menstrual cycle?
(2) What words refer to a woman becoming pregnant?
(2) What words refer to a woman having a child when she is not married?
(2) What words refer to a woman who is unmarried?
(2) What words refer to a young animal?
(2) What words refer to a young man?
(2) What words refer to a young woman?
(2) What words refer to acceptable behavior?
(2) What words refer to accidentally falling from a high position?
(2) What words refer to acting in a drama?
(2) What words refer to activities people do for exercise?
(2) What words refer to acts of worship toward God?
(2) What words refer to adding a series of numbers?
(2) What words refer to adding fuel to a fire?
(2) What words refer to adding leaven to food?
(2) What words refer to adding something to something you are cooking?
(2) What words refer to admiring someone very much?
(2) What words refer to all of something?
(2) What words refer to all the citizens of a country?
(2) What words refer to all the laws of a country?
(2) What words refer to all the subjects that you study at school?
(2) What words refer to all your children?
(2) What words refer to an adopted child?
(2) What words refer to an ambush?
(2) What words refer to an area that is on one side of a border or wall
(2) What words refer to an event or time period when people talk to each other?
(2) What words refer to an event when you demonstrate something?
(2) What words refer to an expression using the eyes?
(2) What words refer to an immature person?
(2) What words refer to an impersonal force that determines what happens to a person?
(2) What words refer to an inappropriate rest?
(2) What words refer to an island?
(2) What words refer to an opening where something can move out?
(2) What words refer to an opening?
(2) What words refer to an organized collection of information?
(2) What words refer to animals hunting?
(2) What words refer to approving of something very much?
(2) What words refer to arranging things with spaces between them?
(2) What words refer to asking someone to marry you?
(2) What words refer to attacking in war?
(2) What words refer to bad feelings?
(2) What words refer to balancing something?
(2) What words refer to becoming blind?
(2) What words refer to becoming horizontal?
(2) What words refer to becoming old?
(2) What words refer to beginning a working relationship?
(2) What words refer to beginning an unusual state of consciousness?
(2) What words refer to beginning to move?
(2) What words refer to being able to divine secrets?
(2) What words refer to being able to have children?
(2) What words refer to being an orphan?
(2) What words refer to being bad-tempered for a short time?
(2) What words refer to being by yourself?
(2) What words refer to being faithful?
(2) What words refer to being impatient?
(2) What words refer to being in a kneeling position?
(2) What words refer to being in pain?
(2) What words refer to being lucky all the time?
(2) What words refer to being patient?
(2) What words refer to being polite?
(2) What words refer to being proud of yourself?
(2) What words refer to being selfish?
(2) What words refer to being sexually attracted to someone?
(2) What words refer to being sick with a disease?
(2) What words refer to being uncaring?
(2) What words refer to being under someone's control?
(2) What words refer to being unsure whether to believe or not?
(2) What words refer to being unwilling to do something?
(2) What words refer to being unwilling to learn?
(2) What words refer to believing that someone is truthful?
(2) What words refer to biting someone?
(2) What words refer to blaming yourself for something?
(2) What words refer to bleeding quickly?
(2) What words refer to borrowing money?
(2) What words refer to breaking something?
(2) What words refer to calling someone on the telephone?
(2) What words refer to canceling a law?
(2) What words refer to captivity?
(2) What words refer to caring for a child's needs?
(2) What words refer to carrying something in a particular manner?
(2) What words refer to catching someone and not letting them leave?
(2) What words refer to causing someone to be sick?
(2) What words refer to causing someone to come back to life?
(2) What words refer to causing someone to stumble?
(2) What words refer to causing something to lean?
(2) What words refer to causing something to move in a circle or curve?
(2) What words refer to changing your behavior for the better?
(2) What words refer to changing your posture so that it is relaxed?
(2) What words refer to changing your posture so that it is straight?
(2) What words refer to charging tax?
(2) What words refer to collecting honey?
(2) What words refer to coming to understand something?
(2) What words refer to complaining all the time?
(2) What words refer to counting the number of something?
(2) What words refer to covering something?
(2) What words refer to crying a lot?
(2) What words refer to cutting something with one slice?
(2) What words refer to cutting up ingredients?
(2) What words refer to damaging the environment?
(2) What words refer to dawn?
(2) What words refer to decorating something?
(2) What words refer to defeating someone in a game or other competition?
(2) What words refer to defending someone from attack?
(2) What words refer to deliberately damaging something?
(2) What words refer to deliberately trying to feel something?
(2) What words refer to deliberately trying to smell something?
(2) What words refer to deliberately trying to taste something?
(2) What words refer to describing an event?
(2) What words refer to determining the amount of something?
(2) What words refer to different kinds of fasts?
(2) What words refer to different kinds of traditional clothing?
(2) What words refer to different types of meat?
(2) What words refer to disabling someone?
(2) What words refer to disclosing information?
(2) What words refer to disorganizing things?
(2) What words refer to dividing a social group or more than one social group?
(2) What words refer to doing evil to yourself?
(2) What words refer to doing something again?
(2) What words refer to doing something alone?
(2) What words refer to doing something because it is a habit?
(2) What words refer to doing something humble?
(2) What words refer to doing something maturely?
(2) What words refer to doing the same thing?
(2) What words refer to domesticating an animal?
(2) What words refer to drilling for oil and gas?
(2) What words refer to dying as a result of illness or old age?
(2) What words refer to dying from lack of food?
(2) What words refer to earning a certain amount of money after taxes have been taken out?
(2) What words refer to ending a war with your enemies?
(2) What words refer to escaping from prison?
(2) What words refer to evaluating the value of something?
(2) What words refer to everyone leaving?
(2) What words refer to examining someone?
(2) What words refer to excluding something from a group?
(2) What words refer to explaining something?
(2) What words refer to expressing your joy about someone's good fortune?
(2) What words refer to facing in some direction?
(2) What words refer to failing to remember to do something?
(2) What words refer to feces?
(2) What words refer to feeding a baby?
(2) What words refer to feeling happy when you are doing something?
(2) What words refer to fighting a war?
(2) What words refer to fighting against someone who is trying to do something bad?
(2) What words refer to finding the boundaries of land?
(2) What words refer to following someone closely?
(2) What words refer to following someone in order to find out where they go?
(2) What words refer to formally suggesting something to a person in authority?
(2) What words refer to general types of trees?
(2) What words refer to getting into a boat?
(2) What words refer to getting into bed?
(2) What words refer to getting married secretly?
(2) What words refer to giving a name to someone or something?
(2) What words refer to giving an answer on a test?
(2) What words refer to giving something a certain texture?
(2) What words refer to glasses?
(2) What words refer to going on a holiday?
(2) What words refer to good feelings?
(2) What words refer to handing someone over to his enemies?
(2) What words refer to having an advantage over other people?
(2) What words refer to having sex with someone?
(2) What words refer to heating clay to make it hard?
(2) What words refer to hitting a target?
(2) What words refer to holding a funeral?
(2) What words refer to holding an opinion toward a question or issue?
(2) What words refer to holding something tightly?
(2) What words refer to how much water is in the air?
(2) What words refer to how the moon moves?
(2) What words refer to how the sun moves?
(2) What words refer to ignoring something someone says to you?
(2) What words refer to imagining something that you would like to do?
(2) What words refer to initiating a child into adulthood?
(2) What words refer to injuring a part of your body?
(2) What words refer to investigating someone to know if they have done something wrong?
(2) What words refer to joining one thing to another?
(2) What words refer to jumping from one place to another place?
(2) What words refer to kinds of birds?
(2) What words refer to knocking a container over so that it spills its contents?
(2) What words refer to knowing how to do something?
(2) What words refer to knowing someone, but not knowing him well?
(2) What words refer to learning something no one else knows or something that is secret?
(2) What words refer to learning the location of something?
(2) What words refer to lesser gods?
(2) What words refer to letters that are delivered to you?
(2) What words refer to letting air blow through something?
(2) What words refer to licking with the tongue?
(2) What words refer to light reflecting off of something?
(2) What words refer to liking someone?
(2) What words refer to listen to someone when they don't know you are listening?
(2) What words refer to looking at something for a long time or in amazement?
(2) What words refer to losing consciousness?
(2) What words refer to loving someone very much?
(2) What words refer to low status?
(2) What words refer to machines?
(2) What words refer to maintaining your virginity?
(2) What words refer to making a furrow?
(2) What words refer to making fake money?
(2) What words refer to making light shine in a place?
(2) What words refer to making someone sure about something?
(2) What words refer to making something complete?
(2) What words refer to making something concave?
(2) What words refer to making something convex?
(2) What words refer to making something flat?
(2) What words refer to making something more dense?
(2) What words refer to making something rough?
(2) What words refer to making something sharp?
(2) What words refer to making something smooth?
(2) What words refer to making something soft?
(2) What words refer to making something straight?
(2) What words refer to making something taboo?
(2) What words refer to making something tidy?
(2) What words refer to making something vertical?
(2) What words refer to making the scar?
(2) What words refer to male or female cats?
(2) What words refer to male or female cattle?
(2) What words refer to male or female dogs?
(2) What words refer to male or female goats?
(2) What words refer to male or female horses?
(2) What words refer to male or female pigs?
(2) What words refer to male or female sheep?
(2) What words refer to many people protesting?
(2) What words refer to many people speaking in unison?
(2) What words refer to many things moving together?
(2) What words refer to medical specialists and their branch of medicine?
(2) What words refer to meeting in a group?
(2) What words refer to memorizing something?
(2) What words refer to money given to a person for betraying or murdering someone.
(2) What words refer to more than one thing moving away from each other?
(2) What words refer to moving around something?
(2) What words refer to moving from place to place?
(2) What words refer to moving more quickly?
(2) What words refer to moving more slowly?
(2) What words refer to moving near something?
(2) What words refer to moving something very quickly?
(2) What words refer to moving the head?
(2) What words refer to moving toward the center of something?
(2) What words refer to moving up through the air?
(2) What words refer to music recordings?
(2) What words refer to natural holes in the ground?
(2) What words refer to needing someone to provide for you?
(2) What words refer to needing something very much?
(2) What words refer to not any of a number of things?
(2) What words refer to not being able to see something?
(2) What words refer to not being satisfied with your job?
(2) What words refer to not being sure whether you should do something?
(2) What words refer to not completing a task?
(2) What words refer to not wearing enough clothes?
(2) What words refer to objects with supernatural power?
(2) What words refer to offering a sacrifice?
(2) What words refer to offering to give something to someone?
(2) What words refer to officially giving something to someone?
(2) What words refer to officially starting something such as a new law or way of doing something?
(2) What words refer to one-celled animals (phylum Protozoa)?
(2) What words refer to paper?
(2) What words refer to part of a business?
(2) What words refer to particular levels in a building?
(2) What words refer to particular types of figures of speech?
(2) What words refer to parts of shoes?
(2) What words refer to passing a test?
(2) What words refer to passing someone or something, which is moving in the same direction?
(2) What words refer to paying a lot of attention to something?
(2) What words refer to people of different ages?
(2) What words refer to people who are related to you by marriage?
(2) What words refer to performing a miracle?
(2) What words refer to person after they die?
(2) What words refer to planting plants?
(2) What words refer to position in the government?
(2) What words refer to postponing something because you are lazy?
(2) What words refer to pouring water out of a container?
(2) What words refer to prayer?
(2) What words refer to preferring to do something?
(2) What words refer to preventing someone from moving by holding them?
(2) What words refer to profit?
(2) What words refer to programs and messages?
(2) What words refer to programs?
(2) What words refer to protecting a field from birds?
(2) What words refer to providing space for someone or something?
(2) What words refer to pulling something quickly or suddenly?
(2) What words refer to pushing something into an opening or into something soft?
(2) What words refer to pushing something quickly or suddenly?
(2) What words refer to putting clothing on?
(2) What words refer to putting each of two things in the place of the other?
(2) What words refer to putting furniture in a house?
(2) What words refer to putting something above something else?
(2) What words refer to putting something in a vehicle?
(2) What words refer to putting something to the side of something else?
(2) What words refer to putting something under or against something to keep it from falling?
(2) What words refer to putting something under something?
(2) What words refer to reacting to someone in the same way they treat you?
(2) What words refer to recovering from a disease?
(2) What words refer to refusing to admit something?
(2) What words refer to regularly contacting someone?
(2) What words refer to relief from trouble?
(2) What words refer to reminding someone of a person or something that happened in the past?
(2) What words refer to removing a part from inside something?
(2) What words refer to revenge?
(2) What words refer to rocks that have metal in them?
(2) What words refer to rubbing something to make it clean?
(2) What words refer to running slowly?
(2) What words refer to saliva?
(2) What words refer to saying something in a short time?
(2) What words refer to saying something in reply to something someone said?
(2) What words refer to saying something many times?
(2) What words refer to saying something that has no meaning?
(2) What words refer to seeing something for a very short time?
(2) What words refer to setting a price for something?
(2) What words refer to setting a trap?
(2) What words refer to showing something by moving something that has been covering it?
(2) What words refer to singing without using words?
(2) What words refer to sinking under the water?
(2) What words refer to skinning an animal?
(2) What words refer to sneezing?
(2) What words refer to soldiers assigned to the navy?
(2) What words refer to solving a problem?
(2) What words refer to someone moving animals?
(2) What words refer to someone urging another to do what is good?
(2) What words refer to someone waking someone else up?
(2) What words refer to someone who begs?
(2) What words refer to someone who believes in Animism?
(2) What words refer to someone who belongs to a group?
(2) What words refer to someone who buys something?
(2) What words refer to someone who collects things?
(2) What words refer to someone who drinks a lot of alcohol?
(2) What words refer to someone who executes a criminal?
(2) What words refer to someone who has failed?
(2) What words refer to someone who inherits something?
(2) What words refer to someone who is related to you by birth?
(2) What words refer to someone who is sexually immoral?
(2) What words refer to someone who plunders?
(2) What words refer to someone who shows off?
(2) What words refer to someone who smuggles?
(2) What words refer to someone who takes a message to someone?
(2) What words refer to someone who weaves?
(2) What words refer to someone you travel with?
(2) What words refer to something a person does to atone for a sin?
(2) What words refer to something becoming hard?
(2) What words refer to something becoming loose?
(2) What words refer to something becoming short?
(2) What words refer to something becoming tight?
(2) What words refer to something becoming unraveled?
(2) What words refer to something beginning to burn?
(2) What words refer to something being destroyed?
(2) What words refer to something being full of something?
(2) What words refer to something being like another thing?
(2) What words refer to something being unsuitable for a particular purpose or situation?
(2) What words refer to something being used for some activity or purpose?
(2) What words refer to something bending?
(2) What words refer to something blocking the light from shining on something?
(2) What words refer to something delaying an event?
(2) What words refer to something disappearing?
(2) What words refer to something floating on the surface of the water?
(2) What words refer to something folding?
(2) What words refer to something found naturally that people could use?
(2) What words refer to something getting worse in condition?
(2) What words refer to something good that may happen in the future?
(2) What words refer to something having some material in it?
(2) What words refer to something linking two things?
(2) What words refer to something moving back and forth quickly?
(2) What words refer to something never moving again?
(2) What words refer to something shining for a very short time and then becoming dark again?
(2) What words refer to something showing that something might be true?
(2) What words refer to something someone does to show he is opposed to something?
(2) What words refer to something someone promises to do?
(2) What words refer to something starting to exist?
(2) What words refer to something that has been hired?
(2) What words refer to something that has been invented?
(2) What words refer to something that has been made?
(2) What words refer to something that has been published?
(2) What words refer to something that has been rolled up?
(2) What words refer to something that has happened?
(2) What words refer to something that is alive?
(2) What words refer to something that is grown?
(2) What words refer to something that is not included in a group?
(2) What words refer to something that is physical?
(2) What words refer to something that is pure?
(2) What words refer to something that is round?
(2) What words refer to something that is said?
(2) What words refer to something that is square?
(2) What words refer to something that is thrown away?
(2) What words refer to something that is used to block something?
(2) What words refer to something that is used to wrap something?
(2) What words refer to something that is useless?
(2) What words refer to something that may happen in the future?
(2) What words refer to something that prevents someone from doing something?
(2) What words refer to something that you have succeeded in doing?
(2) What words refer to something used to cover something?
(2) What words refer to something used to store written material?
(2) What words refer to something you believe about God?
(2) What words refer to speaking for a group of people?
(2) What words refer to speaking for a long time?
(2) What words refer to speaking so that people can't understand you?
(2) What words refer to speaking without making any sound?
(2) What words refer to specific sports?
(2) What words refer to spending less money?
(2) What words refer to spending lots of money?
(2) What words refer to spoiling someone's work?
(2) What words refer to standing up from a sitting or lying position?
(2) What words refer to starting a vehicle?
(2) What words refer to starting to love someone?
(2) What words refer to stealing something that is not very valuable?
(2) What words refer to strongly criticizing someone or something?
(2) What words refer to suffering because of something you have done?
(2) What words refer to summoning someone to come to you?
(2) What words refer to sweat?
(2) What words refer to swelling in a particular part of the body?
(2) What words refer to taking care of someone who is sick?
(2) What words refer to taking something out of the ground?
(2) What words refer to taking something quickly or suddenly?
(2) What words refer to taking something somewhere?
(2) What words refer to talking about stopping fighting?
(2) What words refer to talking to someone on the telephone?
(2) What words refer to talking to the spirits?
(2) What words refer to tasting a little food to see if it tastes good?
(2) What words refer to telling a story?
(2) What words refer to the ability of someone to do something?
(2) What words refer to the ability to hear?
(2) What words refer to the ability to lead?
(2) What words refer to the ability to sense something?
(2) What words refer to the acquittal?
(2) What words refer to the act of abandoning something?
(2) What words refer to the act of accepting an offer?
(2) What words refer to the act of agreeing to do something?
(2) What words refer to the act of boasting?
(2) What words refer to the act of deceiving someone?
(2) What words refer to the act of expressing thanks?
(2) What words refer to the act of forming a group?
(2) What words refer to the act of getting something?
(2) What words refer to the act of kidnapping someone?
(2) What words refer to the act of rebellion?
(2) What words refer to the act of rejecting an offer?
(2) What words refer to the act of saving someone?
(2) What words refer to the act of searching for something?
(2) What words refer to the act of setting someone free?
(2) What words refer to the act of threatening or to what is said?
(2) What words refer to the act or practice of being unfair?
(2) What words refer to the act or practice of oppressing people?
(2) What words refer to the activity of spying?
(2) What words refer to the air around the earth?
(2) What words refer to the amount by which something became larger?
(2) What words refer to the amount by which something became smaller?
(2) What words refer to the amount of something that can be counted?
(2) What words refer to the appearance of someone?
(2) What words refer to the area around a house?
(2) What words refer to the best pattern or example of something?
(2) What words refer to the boundary of a piece of property?
(2) What words refer to the class to which something belongs?
(2) What words refer to the condition of being a slave?
(2) What words refer to the curse place on someone?
(2) What words refer to the day a person was born?
(2) What words refer to the death of a spouse?
(2) What words refer to the defeat?
(2) What words refer to the direction in which a person is moving?
(2) What words refer to the economic system of a country?
(2) What words refer to the edge of an area of land?
(2) What words refer to the effect on the object?
(2) What words refer to the entire set of bones?
(2) What words refer to the event of taking a bath?
(2) What words refer to the event of visiting someone?
(2) What words refer to the event or process that results in losing a limb?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of anger?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of annoyance?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of being confused?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of being nervous?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of being uninterested?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of being upset?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of calm?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of confidence?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of cowardice?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of disappointment?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of disgust?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of dislike?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of embarrassment?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of enthusiasm?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of excitement?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of fear?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of happiness?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of hate?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of indifference?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of interest?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of jealousy?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of loneliness?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of obsession?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of relaxation?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of sadness?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of self-esteem?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of shame?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of shock?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of shyness?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of sorrow?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of surprise?
(2) What words refer to the feeling of worry?
(2) What words refer to the feeling that you can trust someone?
(2) What words refer to the feelings a woman has when she thinks she is beginning to go into labor?
(2) What words refer to the front of a line of people or vehicles?
(2) What words refer to the grain before it is ground?
(2) What words refer to the importance placed on something?
(2) What words refer to the judgment?
(2) What words refer to the left side?
(2) What words refer to the letters and symbols we use to write?
(2) What words refer to the male organs?
(2) What words refer to the marks left by an animal on the ground?
(2) What words refer to the message that is reported?
(2) What words refer to the money you owe?
(2) What words refer to the only child of its parents?
(2) What words refer to the outside shape of something?
(2) What words refer to the pain caused by a bad tooth?
(2) What words refer to the part of a person that enables him to feel emotions?
(2) What words refer to the part of a person that thinks and knows?
(2) What words refer to the parts of a country?
(2) What words refer to the parts that something is made from?
(2) What words refer to the parts that surround a baby and connect it to its mother's womb?
(2) What words refer to the pattern in which things are arranged?
(2) What words refer to the pattern in which things are organized?
(2) What words refer to the people who live in your house?
(2) What words refer to the person making the speech?
(2) What words refer to the person who accuses another person?
(2) What words refer to the person who goes ahead?
(2) What words refer to the person who owns something?
(2) What words refer to the person who prepares food and cooks?
(2) What words refer to the place where a person is from?
(2) What words refer to the place where people meet?
(2) What words refer to the place where the government is?
(2) What words refer to the police arresting a criminal?
(2) What words refer to the position or office of the ruler?
(2) What words refer to the postal system?
(2) What words refer to the practice of making and worshiping idols?
(2) What words refer to the practice of sorcery?
(2) What words refer to the process of breathing?
(2) What words refer to the process of determining the value of something?
(2) What words refer to the process of fighting for something good?
(2) What words refer to the process of relating to other people?
(2) What words refer to the process of trying to learn something?
(2) What words refer to the process two people trying to reach an agreement?
(2) What words refer to the purpose of something someone says?
(2) What words refer to the quality of being cruel?
(2) What words refer to the quality of being honest?
(2) What words refer to the relationship among members of a family?
(2) What words refer to the remainder?
(2) What words refer to the response of a person who sees someone in trouble?
(2) What words refer to the roots?
(2) What words refer to the shape of a person's body?
(2) What words refer to the share or portion that one person receives?
(2) What words refer to the side of a building?
(2) What words refer to the size of a rock?
(2) What words refer to the size or amount of something?
(2) What words refer to the smallest amount of something?
(2) What words refer to the state of being married?
(2) What words refer to the state of peace or the lack of fighting between people?
(2) What words refer to the style of a man's hair?
(2) What words refer to the thing being talked about?
(2) What words refer to the thing that is chosen?
(2) What words refer to the thing that is done?
(2) What words refer to the things a person owns?
(2) What words refer to the things people play with?
(2) What words refer to the things you own?
(2) What words refer to the time of an event?
(2) What words refer to the time period when a person is a baby?
(2) What words refer to the time period when a person is a child?
(2) What words refer to the time period when a person is a youth?
(2) What words refer to the time when something begins?
(2) What words refer to the type of language a person speaks?
(2) What words refer to the types of treatment?
(2) What words refer to the way a person behaves?
(2) What words refer to the way something is designed?
(2) What words refer to the weight of something?
(2) What words refer to the wish that something bad would happen to someone?
(2) What words refer to thick skin?
(2) What words refer to thickeners?
(2) What words refer to things being compatible?
(2) What words refer to things gathering?
(2) What words refer to things made from bones?
(2) What words refer to things mixing together?
(2) What words refer to things written in a newspaper?
(2) What words refer to thinking carefully?
(2) What words refer to thinking something?
(2) What words refer to this act or practice?
(2) What words refer to this night?
(2) What words refer to throwing something in a careless way?
(2) What words refer to time periods of adulthood?
(2) What words refer to traveling someplace on foot?
(2) What words refer to trying hard to do something?
(2) What words refer to trying to find something with your hand?
(2) What words refer to trying to get someone to buy something?
(2) What words refer to turning around and moving in the opposite direction?
(2) What words refer to two or more people doing something, first one person doing it, then another person doing it?
(2) What words refer to two or more things sticking together?
(2) What words refer to two people coming to agreement?
(2) What words refer to two people who do things together?
(2) What words refer to two things happening at the same time by chance?
(2) What words refer to two things moving until they touch each other?
(2) What words refer to tying a knot?
(2) What words refer to types of cosmetics?
(2) What words refer to types of grammatical words?
(2) What words refer to types of jewelry?
(2) What words refer to types of machines?
(2) What words refer to unacceptable behavior?
(2) What words refer to understanding something differently than someone else?
(2) What words refer to unifying a social group or more than one social group?
(2) What words refer to uprooting weeds?
(2) What words refer to urine?
(2) What words refer to using obscenity?
(2) What words refer to wanting to do something?
(2) What words refer to watching something continuously?
(2) What words refer to water coming out of something?
(2) What words refer to water coming out of the ground?
(2) What words refer to water moving in a river?
(2) What words refer to what demons do to people?
(2) What words refer to what is announced?
(2) What words refer to what is being guessed?
(2) What words refer to what is beyond our senses or ability?
(2) What words refer to what is decided?
(2) What words refer to what is done to help?
(2) What words refer to what is intended?
(2) What words refer to what is said in answer?
(2) What words refer to what is said in blessing?
(2) What words refer to what is said in gossip?
(2) What words refer to what is said or written when inviting someone?
(2) What words refer to what is said when someone is warning someone?
(2) What words refer to what is said when someone makes a request?
(2) What words refer to what is said when you exaggerate?
(2) What words refer to what is said when you introduce something?
(2) What words refer to what is said?
(2) What words refer to what people believe about God?
(2) What words refer to when the ground is covered by water?
(2) What words refer to whether or not a person can read and write?
(2) What words refer to wild animals?
(2) What words refer to winning a game or other competition?
(2) What words refer to words that are similar in meaning?
(2) What words refer to your ability to change another's mind or decision?
(2) What words refer to your ancestors?
(2) What words refer to your descendants?
(2) What words refer to your father's sister's child?
(2) What words refer to your father's sister?
(2) What words refer to your father?
(2) What words refer to your sister's child?
(2) Where are chickens kept?
(2) Where are domesticated birds kept?
(2) Where do mammals live?
(2) Where is a court held?
(2) Who serves food?
(20) What are the dead parts of plants called?
(20) What is the person called who enforces the rules?
(20) What words are used to indicate that something is being done quickly?
(20) What words are used to indicate the past tense?
(20) What words describe weapons?
(20) What words refer to causing a person not to feel anything?
(20) What words refer to getting rid of a smell?
(20) What words refer to sex with an animal?
(20) What words refer to the sound of a gun or bomb?
(20) What words refer to the sound of someone walking?
(21) What is a person called who watches sports?
(21) What things do people use to get rid of or cover up a bad smell?
(21) What words are used of plants when they have been cut down?
(21) What words are used to indicate that something happened suddenly?
(21) What words are used to indicate the future tense?
(21) What words refer to the sound of a machine?
(21) What words refer to walking through water?
(22) What do fans do?
(22) What words are used to indicate something is continuing?
(22) What words refer to a time when people walk for fun?
(22) What words refer to holding your nose so you don't smell something?
(22) What words refer to the sound of a car horn?
(23) What is a person called who comments on sports?
(23) What words are used to indicate that something has been completed?
(23) What words refer to causing someone to walk?
(23) What words refer to the sound of a bell?
(24) What words refer to a walking stick?
(3)  What words indicate something is true of only one thing or one group of things, and not true of others?
(3) ability, physical: English: 'Hortense can swim the English Channel'.
(3) anterior: the situation occurs prior to reference time, and is relevant to the situation at reference time. This is different from a simple past or perfective, where the situation is reported for its own sake and independent of its relevance to any other situation.
(3) auditory evidence: the speaker claims to have heard the situation described.
(3) complement to words of thinking
(3) concessive: translated in English as 'although, even though, despite the fact that': 'She was saving her money, even though she was a wealthy woman'.
(3) continuative: keep on doing what is being done. Restricted to dynamic words.
(3) future: the situation takes place after the moment of speech; the speaker predicts that the situation in the proposition will hold.
(3) hortative: the speaker is encouraging or inciting someone to action.
(3) How are the weapons cared for?
(3) How do birds eat?
(3) How do dogs move?
(3) How do people stand?
(3) If you marry someone who already has children, what do you call his/her children?
(3) In English 'Containership' can be expressed by a clause using the verb with the 'Container' in the subject position, the 'Content' in the object position, and the 'Container' in a preposition phrase marked by 'in'.
(3) inferred certainty: the speaker infers from evidence that the proposition is true: 'They must have killed a bear here (I can see blood on the snow)'.
(3) multiples of one hundred
(3) reality condition: a conditional relation between two propositions referring to the so-called real world: 'If you see my sister, you will know that she is pregnant'.
(3) state ends: state existed in the past, but no longer exists. Also a possible meaning of "Perfects" or "Perfectives" in combination with stative words.
(3) What actions or postures symbolize prayer?
(3) What animals are in the cat family?
(3) What are the military ranks in the army?
(3) What are the names of each toe?
(3) What are the names of specific board games?
(3) What are the names of the stars?
(3) What are the noun forms of these words? 
(3) What are the occupations in animal husbandry?
(3) What are the parts of a courthouse?
(3) What are the parts of a dance?
(3) What are the parts of a door?
(3) What are the parts of a forest?
(3) What are the parts of a game?
(3) What are the parts of a hair?
(3) What are the parts of a hammer?
(3) What are the parts of a hospital?
(3) What are the parts of a lamp?
(3) What are the parts of a mine?
(3) What are the parts of a stove?
(3) What are the parts of a system of pipes?
(3) What are the parts of a temple?
(3) What are the parts of a wedding ceremony?
(3) What are the parts of an egg?
(3) What are the parts of an octopus or squid?
(3) What are the parts of bodies of water?
(3) What are the parts of the face?
(3) What are the parts of the lungs?
(3) What are the parts of the torso?
(3) What are the people called who build buildings?
(3) What are the shades of red?
(3) What are the signs that a woman is going into labor?
(3) What are the steps in the process?
(3) What are the types of games?
(3) What are the types of instruments that you hit?
(3) What causes trouble?
(3) What commands are used to ask someone to leave something where it is?
(3) What crops are milled?
(3) What do chickens do?
(3) What do people commonly put on top of a table that is closely associated with the table?
(3) What do people do to a window?
(3) What do people do to fish?
(3) What do people do to wake someone up?
(3) What do people do with beds?
(3) What do people do with mucus?
(3) What do people say when they agree to do something?
(3) What do people say when they postpone doing something?
(3) What do people say when they want someone else to start?
(3) What do people use to protect themselves from lightning?
(3) What do the male organs do?
(3) What do the police do to a criminal?
(3) What do volcanoes do?
(3) What do you say to someone when you want him to slow down?
(3) What do you say when you think something is true, but you are not sure?
(3) What do you say when you want someone to start doing something now?
(3) What equipment is used in a boat?
(3) What equipment is used in playing music?
(3) What foodstuffs are used to make alcohol?
(3) What general words refer to a food made primarily from meat?
(3) What general words refer to a part of the body?
(3) What gestures typically accompany a greeting?
(3) What instruments and materials are used?
(3) What is a good dream called?
(3) What is a group of games called?
(3) What is a leader of the (Christian-Protestant) religion called?
(3) What is a model of the earth called?
(3) What is a person called who argues a case before a judge?
(3) What is a person called who helps another?
(3) What is a person called who keeps time?
(3) What is a person called who speaks for God or foretells the future?
(3) What is a person called who spies?
(3) What is a person called who works with clay?
(3) What is a piece of a cut off fingernail called?
(3) What is a piece of food called?
(3) What is a steady dripping called?
(3) What is a very bad house called?
(3) What is stored wealth called?
(3) What is the area called formed by the sides of the roof?
(3) What is the person called who has been designated as the next king?
(3) What is the place called where believers (good people) go when they die?
(3) What kind of decisions are made by these methods?
(3) What kinds of buildings are used for work and to make things?
(3) What kinds of materials are used for bricks?
(3) What kinds of vehicles are pulled by animals?
(3) What materials are used to wash things?
(3) What materials are used to weave things?
(3) What materials does a bricklayer work with?
(3) What materials does a carpenter work with?
(3) What materials does a stonemason work with?
(3) What noises does the stomach make?
(3) What other actions are done with the hands?
(3) What other kinds of events do people typically bet on?
(3) What other places do mammals use?
(3) What particles are used to show respect?
(3) What plant products are used for fibers, thread, and rope?
(3) What pronouns express indefinite reference of a time?
(3) What pronouns refer to the speaker and those associated with the speaker?
(3) What question words ask for an ad-adjective in the answer?
(3) What raw materials does a blacksmith use?
(3) What refer to telling someone the way?
(3) What results from crop failure?
(3) What sounds do horses make?
(3) What special clothes are worn by religious people?
(3) What special clothes are worn for graduation?
(3) What special kinds of workers exist within an insect colony?
(3) What special music is played?
(3) What species of bird are there?
(3) What species of four-toed hoofed animals are there?
(3) What species of insect eating animals are there?
(3) What species of moss are there?
(3) What species of saltwater fish are there?
(3) What species of seals are there?
(3) What species of snake are there?
(3) What techniques are used to dye hair?
(3) What techniques are used?
(3) What things are used by the person who cannot speak?
(3) What things are used to clean a house?
(3) What things are used to execute someone?
(3) What things are used to feed a baby?
(3) What things are used to keep something shut?
(3) What things are used to start fires?
(3) What things cause disease?
(3) What things do people use to see small things?
(3) What tools and equipment are used to get metal out of rocks?
(3) What tools and machines are used to dig?
(3) What tools and materials are used?
(3) What tools and methods are used for organizing things?
(3) What tools are used for plowing?
(3) What tools are used to smoke or chew tobacco?
(3) What tools are used to tend animals?
(3) What tools are used to weave?
(3) What tools are used to work with chemicals?
(3) What tools do police use?
(3) What types of army units are there?
(3) What types of birds are eaten?
(3) What types of good supernatural beings are there?
(3) What types of guns are there?
(3) What types of naval units are there?
(3) What types of nuts are eaten?
(3) What types of oil are made from plants and animals?
(3) What types of plant poisons are there?
(3) What types of plants are there?
(3) What types of rocks are there?
(3) What types of thread are there?
(3) What types of trees are there?
(3) What utensils are used to break up and crush food?
(3) What words a place that is not very flat?
(3) What words are used for a part of a school year?
(3) What words are used for a place where someone is protected?
(3) What words are used for addition equations?
(3) What words are used for the days when a person does not work?
(3) What words are used for transporting dirty water?
(3) What words are used for very bad poverty?
(3) What words are used for where the stars are shining?
(3) What words are used in an obscene way?
(3) What words are used of a bad sleep?
(3) What words are used of a system of water transportation?
(3) What words are used of attaining a state?
(3) What words are used of solving a riddle?
(3) What words are used of stopping a fire with water?
(3) What words are used of the edge of a lake or sea?
(3) What words are used of the system of numbering the years?
(3) What words are used to describe a person beginning to sweat?
(3) What words are used to describe plants that grow wild?
(3) What words are used to describe the condition of your teeth?
(3) What words are used to describe the properties of these plants?
(3) What words are used to express an extreme case of these conditions?
(3) What words are used to indicate that something happened suddenly?
(3) What words are used to indicate that something will continue forever?
(3) What words are used to introduce an explanation?
(3) What words are used to refer to a citizen of these countries?
(3) What words are used to refer to all the days of the week together?
(3) What words are used to refer to something when you can't remember what it is called?
(3) What words are used to refer to the friendship itself?
(3) What words are used to refer to the glass?
(3) What words are used to refer to the place or area beyond the sky?
(3) What words are used to say how old something is?
(3) What words are used to warn someone of danger?
(3) What words are used when a person marries again?
(3) What words describe a bad host?
(3) What words describe a bad sound?
(3) What words describe a big room?
(3) What words describe a ceremony?
(3) What words describe a child who is beautiful?
(3) What words describe a child?
(3) What words describe a clear connection between two things?
(3) What words describe a fire that is not burning well?
(3) What words describe a good life?
(3) What words describe a group of people that is loud?
(3) What words describe a group that has been formed?
(3) What words describe a group that is disunited?
(3) What words describe a group that is united?
(3) What words describe a light that is so bright it hurts your eyes?
(3) What words describe a man?
(3) What words describe a modern person or organization?
(3) What words describe a person's behavior that is determined?
(3) What words describe a person's ears?
(3) What words describe a person's eyes?
(3) What words describe a person's mouth?
(3) What words describe a person's nose?
(3) What words describe a person's role in a group?
(3) What words describe a person's teeth?
(3) What words describe a person who disobeys?
(3) What words describe a person who feels thankful?
(3) What words describe a person who has not prepared?
(3) What words describe a person who hates?
(3) What words describe a person who obeys?
(3) What words describe a person who threatens?
(3) What words describe a person who usually uses his right hand?
(3) What words describe a place that is full of people?
(3) What words describe a place where there is very little light?
(3) What words describe a quiet voice?
(3) What words describe a relationship that is unfriendly?
(3) What words describe a situation where there is just enough room?
(3) What words describe a sound or voice that is high on the musical scale?
(3) What words describe a steady wind?
(3) What words describe a surface that is vertical?
(3) What words describe a tall person?
(3) What words describe a type of disease?
(3) What words describe a woman?
(3) What words describe an action that is good?
(3) What words describe an activity that is free?
(3) What words describe an animal that has been domesticated?
(3) What words describe an event that causes a disaster?
(3) What words describe an exaggerated statement?
(3) What words describe an expert?
(3) What words describe an old fashioned idea or way of doing something?
(3) What words describe an old person?
(3) What words describe an unclear connection between two things?
(3) What words describe an unlucky situation or event?
(3) What words describe clean water?
(3) What words describe different kinds of clouds?
(3) What words describe different kinds of numbers?
(3) What words describe energetic activity or behavior?
(3) What words describe food that is new?
(3) What words describe food?
(3) What words describe gas?
(3) What words describe good air (such as when the air in a room is clean or doesn't smell bad)?
(3) What words describe how a person walks with another person?
(3) What words describe how deep something is for a person?
(3) What words describe how good a foundation is?
(3) What words describe jewels?
(3) What words describe land that has many mountains?
(3) What words describe liquids?
(3) What words describe metal?
(3) What words describe people that are compatible?
(3) What words describe sharks and rays?
(3) What words describe someone that you can trust?
(3) What words describe someone who asks a lot of questions?
(3) What words describe someone who can think quickly?
(3) What words describe someone who dislikes something?
(3) What words describe someone who does things on time?
(3) What words describe someone who doesn't have enough food?
(3) What words describe someone who feels afraid?
(3) What words describe someone who feels angry?
(3) What words describe someone who feels annoyed?
(3) What words describe someone who feels ashamed?
(3) What words describe someone who feels bad?
(3) What words describe someone who feels calm?
(3) What words describe someone who feels confident?
(3) What words describe someone who feels confused?
(3) What words describe someone who feels cowardly?
(3) What words describe someone who feels disappointed?
(3) What words describe someone who feels disgusted?
(3) What words describe someone who feels embarrassed?
(3) What words describe someone who feels enthusiastic?
(3) What words describe someone who feels excited?
(3) What words describe someone who feels good about himself?
(3) What words describe someone who feels good?
(3) What words describe someone who feels happy?
(3) What words describe someone who feels hateful?
(3) What words describe someone who feels indifferent?
(3) What words describe someone who feels interested?
(3) What words describe someone who feels jealous?
(3) What words describe someone who feels lonely?
(3) What words describe someone who feels nervous?
(3) What words describe someone who feels obsessed?
(3) What words describe someone who feels relaxed?
(3) What words describe someone who feels sad?
(3) What words describe someone who feels shocked?
(3) What words describe someone who feels shy?
(3) What words describe someone who feels sorry?
(3) What words describe someone who feels surprised?
(3) What words describe someone who feels uninterested?
(3) What words describe someone who feels upset?
(3) What words describe someone who feels worried?
(3) What words describe someone who has shaved?
(3) What words describe someone who has trouble remembering?
(3) What words describe someone who is fat and short?
(3) What words describe someone who is late?
(3) What words describe someone who is low in status?
(3) What words describe someone who is not alert?
(3) What words describe someone who is older than someone else?
(3) What words describe someone who is sexual immoral?
(3) What words describe someone who is strong and thin?
(3) What words describe someone who is thin and tall?
(3) What words describe someone who is totally deaf?
(3) What words describe someone who is very rich?
(3) What words describe someone who is very short?
(3) What words describe someone who is weak and who can easily be hurt or get sick?
(3) What words describe someone who looks healthy?
(3) What words describe someone who refuses to talk because they are angry?
(3) What words describe someone who shows off?
(3) What words describe someone who spends a lot of time alone?
(3) What words describe someone who works too hard?
(3) What words describe something belonging to the air force?
(3) What words describe something belonging to the enemy?
(3) What words describe something from a foreign country?
(3) What words describe something good that happens as a result of good luck?
(3) What words describe something having to do with religion?
(3) What words describe something having to do with the government?
(3) What words describe something having to do with the ruler?
(3) What words describe something having to do with your ancestors?
(3) What words describe something in the shadow of something else?
(3) What words describe something like cloth or paper that is thick?
(3) What words describe something like thread that is thin?
(3) What words describe something or someone that can be believed?
(3) What words describe something or someone that is hard to believed?
(3) What words describe something or someone that is not known by many people?
(3) What words describe something someone does that is violent?
(3) What words describe something that affects the whole world?
(3) What words describe something that can be changed?
(3) What words describe something that can be measured?
(3) What words describe something that can be seen?
(3) What words describe something that cannot be seen through?
(3) What words describe something that cannot be stretched?
(3) What words describe something that comes after something else?
(3) What words describe something that existed or happened long ago?
(3) What words describe something that gives a lot of information?
(3) What words describe something that happens immediately?
(3) What words describe something that happens quickly?
(3) What words describe something that harms someone?
(3) What words describe something that has been communicated to many people?
(3) What words describe something that has been cooked?
(3) What words describe something that has been covered?
(3) What words describe something that has been preserved?
(3) What words describe something that has light shining on it?
(3) What words describe something that has not been dedicated?
(3) What words describe something that has not been purified?
(3) What words describe something that has swollen?
(3) What words describe something that has two meanings?
(3) What words describe something that is a dark color?
(3) What words describe something that is bent?
(3) What words describe something that is colored with spots?
(3) What words describe something that is cool?
(3) What words describe something that is difficult to move?
(3) What words describe something that is done completely?
(3) What words describe something that is easy to move?
(3) What words describe something that is emphasized?
(3) What words describe something that is folded?
(3) What words describe something that is more than another thing in number or amount?
(3) What words describe something that is moving?
(3) What words describe something that is non-physical?
(3) What words describe something that is not dangerous?
(3) What words describe something that is not dense?
(3) What words describe something that is not hidden?
(3) What words describe something that is not living and never has been?
(3) What words describe something that is not pure?
(3) What words describe something that is not real?
(3) What words describe something that is old and belongs to an early period of history?
(3) What words describe something that is on the side?
(3) What words describe something that is shiny like water?
(3) What words describe something that is slightly wet?
(3) What words describe something that is taboo?
(3) What words describe something that is touching another?
(3) What words describe something that is toward one of the directions of the compass?
(3) What words describe something that is ugly?
(3) What words describe something that is valued as good?
(3) What words describe something that is warm?
(3) What words describe something that people praise?
(3) What words describe something that should not be done?
(3) What words describe something that someone deserves?
(3) What words describe something that someone intended to do?
(3) What words describe something that sticks to other things?
(3) What words describe something that water cannot pass through?
(3) What words describe something that you can't recognize?
(3) What words describe something to do with God?
(3) What words describe something with many furrows?
(3) What words describe the air when there is no water in it?
(3) What words describe the behavior of someone who acts acceptably?
(3) What words describe the behavior of someone who acts unacceptably?
(3) What words describe the condition of things when they are separated?
(3) What words describe the flow of a river when it is slow?
(3) What words describe the intensity of a storm?
(3) What words describe the material cloth is made from?
(3) What words describe the movement of a wave?
(3) What words describe the relationship between a husband's parents and his wife's parents?
(3) What words describe the state of peace?
(3) What words describe the weather when it is getting better?
(3) What words describe the weather when it is raining?
(3) What words describe things that have been gathered?
(3) What words describe thinking that is not logical?
(3) What words describe two lines that go in the same direction?
(3) What words describe two things that are very similar?
(3) What words do people use when suggesting something?
(3) What words do people use when they ask the price of something?
(3) What words do you use when talking to your father?
(3) What words do you use when you want someone to speak quietly?
(3) What words indicate an evaluation of something?
(3) What words indicate someone who does something bad with another person?
(3) What words indicate someone who is representing another person?
(3) What words indicate that a group of things is something?
(3) What words indicate that a particular number or amount is approximate?
(3) What words indicate that a path or road goes upward?
(3) What words indicate that an attribute is not intense?
(3) What words indicate that most of a group is of one kind.
(3) What words indicate that no one is in a place?
(3) What words indicate that someone does something before a particular event?
(3) What words indicate that someone does things in a series?
(3) What words indicate that someone is not able to do something?
(3) What words indicate that someone is strong enough or old enough to do something?
(3) What words indicate that someone lives nearby?
(3) What words indicate that something cannot happen?
(3) What words indicate that something does not happen often?
(3) What words indicate that something does not happen regularly?
(3) What words indicate that something gives one person an advantage over others?
(3) What words indicate that something happened when you first saw something?
(3) What words indicate that something happens at an exact time?
(3) What words indicate that something happens every day or week?
(3) What words indicate that something has almost reached a particular state?
(3) What words indicate that something has been happening up until now?
(3) What words indicate that something has less of a quality than another thing?
(3) What words indicate that something is done in a particular way?
(3) What words indicate that something is high in the air?
(3) What words indicate that something is in the middle of a thing or area?
(3) What words indicate that something is low?
(3) What words indicate that something is not whole?
(3) What words indicate that something is reasonable?
(3) What words indicate that something is self-caused?
(3) What words indicate that something is true in spite of facts or problems that make it seem unlikely?
(3) What words indicate that something is under a covering (such as clothes, skin, or paint)?
(3) What words indicate that something is very probably true
(3) What words indicate that something looks like another thing?
(3) What words indicate that something seems to be happening, or something seems to be true?
(3) What words indicate that something should not be done?
(3) What words indicate that something starts to happen now and will continue?
(3) What words indicate that something such as a building or country is next to another?
(3) What words indicate that something will certainly succeed?
(3) What words indicate that the speaker is not certain about a suggestion, plan, or idea?
(3) What words indicate that there are a small number of things or people?
(3) What words indicate that there are a very large number of things or people?
(3) What words indicate that there is much less of something?
(3) What words indicate that things have spaces between them?
(3) What words indicate that two numbers or amounts are the same?
(3) What words indicate that two things alternate?
(3) What words indicate that two things are connected because they are similar in some way?
(3) What words indicate that two things are equally possible?
(3) What words indicate that you could add more things to the end of a list?
(3) What words indicate that you did something, but almost didn't do it?
(3) What words indicate the answer in an equation?
(3) What words indicate the answer?
(3) What words indicate the indirect object of a sentence?
(3) What words indicate the significance of the bow?
(3) What words indicate the way in which something is done?
(3) What words refer graceful movement?
(3) What words refer loving someone very much?
(3) What words refer to a baby amphibian?
(3) What words refer to a baby dying before birth?
(3) What words refer to a baby moving?
(3) What words refer to a bad person?
(3) What words refer to a belief, which the official religion considers to be false?
(3) What words refer to a body after it has decayed?
(3) What words refer to a bridge?
(3) What words refer to a concave part of something?
(3) What words refer to a container for tools?
(3) What words refer to a container that is big?
(3) What words refer to a container where people put garbage?
(3) What words refer to a decision to change?
(3) What words refer to a deformed baby?
(3) What words refer to a description of the location of a house?
(3) What words refer to a dish for drinking?
(3) What words refer to a doctor who treats mental illness?
(3) What words refer to a feeling?
(3) What words refer to a fever decreasing?
(3) What words refer to a fight between a few people?
(3) What words refer to a flood ending?
(3) What words refer to a group of fish?
(3) What words refer to a group of philosophers?
(3) What words refer to a group of soldiers?
(3) What words refer to a group of things in a series?
(3) What words refer to a group of things that are tied or joined together?
(3) What words refer to a group of two?
(3) What words refer to a group within a religion?
(3) What words refer to a hole dug in the ground to protect soldiers?
(3) What words refer to a household servant?
(3) What words refer to a humorous answer?
(3) What words refer to a lack of self-control?
(3) What words refer to a line in the skin?
(3) What words refer to a list of things in a book?
(3) What words refer to a listing of your ancestors?
(3) What words refer to a man who is unmarried?
(3) What words refer to a marked extent?
(3) What words refer to a marker of a grave?
(3) What words refer to a member of a class?
(3) What words refer to a member of your family or larger kin group?
(3) What words refer to a mother who dies while giving birth?
(3) What words refer to a name you use for yourself that is not your real name?
(3) What words refer to a part of a leg when it is in a particular position?
(3) What words refer to a part of a subject?
(3) What words refer to a part of your body hurting?
(3) What words refer to a person's ability to choose the right time to do something?
(3) What words refer to a person's ability to know what direction he is going in?
(3) What words refer to a person's race on the basis of where their ancestors were from?
(3) What words refer to a person belonging to the middle class?
(3) What words refer to a person captured in war?
(3) What words refer to a person involved in lumbering?
(3) What words refer to a person that cares for people's hair?
(3) What words refer to a person that you compete against?
(3) What words refer to a person who ambushes someone?
(3) What words refer to a person who breaks the law?
(3) What words refer to a person who despises someone?
(3) What words refer to a person who doubts?
(3) What words refer to a person who flies an airplane?
(3) What words refer to a person who gets revenge?
(3) What words refer to a person who has been divorced?
(3) What words refer to a person who has lost a limb?
(3) What words refer to a person who helps to give birth?
(3) What words refer to a person who is taught?
(3) What words refer to a person who leads a group of musicians?
(3) What words refer to a person who makes a request?
(3) What words refer to a person who makes something?
(3) What words refer to a person who oppresses?
(3) What words refer to a person who practices traditional medicine?
(3) What words refer to a person who prepares a body for burial?
(3) What words refer to a person who prepares special types of food?
(3) What words refer to a person who provides?
(3) What words refer to a person who publishes?
(3) What words refer to a person who refuses to share?
(3) What words refer to a person who says foolish things?
(3) What words refer to a person who sings?
(3) What words refer to a person who studies history?
(3) What words refer to a person who studies the economy?
(3) What words refer to a person who travels in space?
(3) What words refer to a person who works for a newspaper?
(3) What words refer to a person who works for someone else?
(3) What words refer to a person who works with machines?
(3) What words refer to a person who writes poetry?
(3) What words refer to a photograph?
(3) What words refer to a piece of dirt?
(3) What words refer to a piece of music that a person has composed?
(3) What words refer to a piece of music?
(3) What words refer to a piece of paper that says you have paid for something?
(3) What words refer to a piece of snow or ice?
(3) What words refer to a piece that is irregular in shape?
(3) What words refer to a place that is not near the speaker or the listener?
(3) What words refer to a place where hair is cut?
(3) What words refer to a place where orphans are taken care of?
(3) What words refer to a place where something is narrow?
(3) What words refer to a plan for the time of an event?
(3) What words refer to a plant producing leaves?
(3) What words refer to a point in time?
(3) What words refer to a politician?
(3) What words refer to a region of a country?
(3) What words refer to a river overflowing its banks?
(3) What words refer to a rough or uneven part of something?
(3) What words refer to a saying used by someone to express their beliefs?
(3) What words refer to a serious mistake in judgment or planning?
(3) What words refer to a servant who works in a house?
(3) What words refer to a single stitch?
(3) What words refer to a single thought?
(3) What words refer to a situation that exists at some time during a larger event or process?
(3) What words refer to a snake's poison?
(3) What words refer to a special kind of school?
(3) What words refer to a sports event?
(3) What words refer to a story about a person's life?
(3) What words refer to a time during the month?
(3) What words refer to a time when armies fight?
(3) What words refer to a time when someone rests?
(3) What words refer to a time when you can be away from work or school?
(3) What words refer to a unit of weight?
(3) What words refer to a witness lying?
(3) What words refer to a woman being pregnant?
(3) What words refer to a wound caused by an animal biting you?
(3) What words refer to a yearly celebration of a person's birth?
(3) What words refer to a younger brother or sister?
(3) What words refer to adding more to an amount of something?
(3) What words refer to adding more water to a solution?
(3) What words refer to adding spice to food?
(3) What words refer to affection and sexual stimulation?
(3) What words refer to agreeing to visit?
(3) What words refer to all of what you want?
(3) What words refer to all the senses?
(3) What words refer to an accident involving vehicles?
(3) What words refer to an agreement to stop fighting?
(3) What words refer to an area that has a fence around it?
(3) What words refer to an event happening last?
(3) What words refer to an event happening next after another event?
(3) What words refer to an expectation happening?
(3) What words refer to an expression using the mouth?
(3) What words refer to an indefinite day?
(3) What words refer to an instance of delaying something?
(3) What words refer to an oil or gas well?
(3) What words refer to an organization of sellers?
(3) What words refer to animals sleeping during the winter?
(3) What words refer to arranging things a second time, or arranging things after they have been mixed up?
(3) What words refer to asking for advice?
(3) What words refer to becoming an adult?
(3) What words refer to beginning a telephone call?
(3) What words refer to being a child without a father?
(3) What words refer to being a little sick?
(3) What words refer to being able to hear something?
(3) What words refer to being alive?
(3) What words refer to being allowed to do something?
(3) What words refer to being at the front of a line?
(3) What words refer to being blamed for something?
(3) What words refer to being crazy?
(3) What words refer to being in a lying position?
(3) What words refer to being married to someone?
(3) What words refer to being reliable?
(3) What words refer to being satisfied with yourself?
(3) What words refer to being self-controlled?
(3) What words refer to being stubborn?
(3) What words refer to being thirsty?
(3) What words refer to being tired and wanting to sleep?
(3) What words refer to being unable to have children?
(3) What words refer to being under the water?
(3) What words refer to being very polite?
(3) What words refer to believing that things cause good or bad luck?
(3) What words refer to bile?
(3) What words refer to blowing on a fire to make it bigger?
(3) What words refer to breaking something into many small pieces?
(3) What words refer to breathing in?
(3) What words refer to burping?
(3) What words refer to calculating the average?
(3) What words refer to carrying something very heavy?
(3) What words refer to casting out a demon?
(3) What words refer to catching (but not killing) animals?
(3) What words refer to catching something in a trap?
(3) What words refer to causing someone to think of or remember something?
(3) What words refer to causing something to be horizontal?
(3) What words refer to causing something to become larger in degree?
(3) What words refer to causing something to become smaller in degree?
(3) What words refer to causing something to revolve?
(3) What words refer to changing your behavior for the worse?
(3) What words refer to changing your mind many times?
(3) What words refer to choosing which of two or more things is better?
(3) What words refer to claiming something as your own?
(3) What words refer to clothes worn by priests and other religious people?
(3) What words refer to collecting eggs?
(3) What words refer to continuing to do something without waiting?
(3) What words refer to continuing to exist?
(3) What words refer to continuing to move without trying to speed up or slow down?
(3) What words refer to criticizing someone in an unfair way?
(3) What words refer to crying in a noisy way?
(3) What words refer to cutting something with many slices?
(3) What words refer to cutting up an animal?
(3) What words refer to decreasing very quickly?
(3) What words refer to defeating someone easily?
(3) What words refer to determining the amount of something without being exact?
(3) What words refer to disagreement over doctrine?
(3) What words refer to dividing something into a fraction of the whole?
(3) What words refer to doing all you can when you are trying to do something?
(3) What words refer to doing something a particular number of times (to do something once/twice/etc.)?
(3) What words refer to doing something by yourself?
(3) What words refer to doing something immature?
(3) What words refer to doing something slowly?
(3) What words refer to doing what you promised?
(3) What words refer to dye being washed out of cloth?
(3) What words refer to dying as a result of an accident or violence?
(3) What words refer to earning enough to pay for what you need?
(3) What words refer to eating a little?
(3) What words refer to electricity?
(3) What words refer to enforcing the law?
(3) What words refer to escaping from someone who is chasing you?
(3) What words refer to explaining how something works or how to do something?
(3) What words refer to falling from a very high position?
(3) What words refer to fat?
(3) What words refer to feeling something with your whole body?
(3) What words refer to feeling weak?
(3) What words refer to finding an answer?
(3) What words refer to firewood?
(3) What words refer to fixing a person's hair in a particular style?
(3) What words refer to floor coverings?
(3) What words refer to following someone at a distance?
(3) What words refer to food decaying?
(3) What words refer to forcing someone to accept something?
(3) What words refer to formally agreeing to get married?
(3) What words refer to giving someone a higher position?
(3) What words refer to giving something to poor people?
(3) What words refer to giving to a beggar?
(3) What words refer to glasses?
(3) What words refer to God's role in producing sacred writings?
(3) What words refer to going beyond the limit?
(3) What words refer to going onto someone's property without permission?
(3) What words refer to going to sleep?
(3) What words refer to groups of people who are related to you?
(3) What words refer to growing quickly or well?
(3) What words refer to having a good reputation?
(3) What words refer to having a particular shape?
(3) What words refer to having an infection?
(3) What words refer to hiring someone?
(3) What words refer to hitting another person?
(3) What words refer to holding something loosely?
(3) What words refer to holding something out to someone so that they can take it if they want it?
(3) What words refer to how difficult a job is?
(3) What words refer to how far something is?
(3) What words refer to how much alcohol is in a beverage?
(3) What words refer to how near something is?
(3) What words refer to how popular something is?
(3) What words refer to how something is said?
(3) What words refer to how the planets move?
(3) What words refer to ignoring something bad that is happening?
(3) What words refer to imagining things that do not exist?
(3) What words refer to increasing a lot?
(3) What words refer to injuring a bone or joint?
(3) What words refer to jewelry worn on the hands and arms?
(3) What words refer to jumping over something?
(3) What words refer to laughing a little or quietly?
(3) What words refer to leaning something against something else?
(3) What words refer to leaving home?
(3) What words refer to leaving in a boat?
(3) What words refer to letting saliva run out of your mouth?
(3) What words refer to letting something drop?
(3) What words refer to living in a place for a short time?
(3) What words refer to looking at something for a short time?
(3) What words refer to losing a tooth?
(3) What words refer to machines used in homes?
(3) What words refer to making a mistake when speaking?
(3) What words refer to making metal rust?
(3) What words refer to making programs?
(3) What words refer to making someone blind?
(3) What words refer to making someone unsure about something?
(3) What words refer to making something hard?
(3) What words refer to making something loose?
(3) What words refer to making something pointed?
(3) What words refer to making something round?
(3) What words refer to making something short?
(3) What words refer to making something simpler?
(3) What words refer to making something tight?
(3) What words refer to making something untidy?
(3) What words refer to man-made holes in the ground?
(3) What words refer to medicine you put on your skin?
(3) What words refer to mental illness?
(3) What words refer to missing a target?
(3) What words refer to mixing ingredients?
(3) What words refer to more than one person?
(3) What words refer to more than one thing moving toward each other?
(3) What words refer to moving dirt?
(3) What words refer to moving from place to place and then returning to the first place?
(3) What words refer to moving parts of the face (other than eyes, ears, nose, and mouth)?
(3) What words refer to moving something through the air?
(3) What words refer to moving through a swamp?
(3) What words refer to moving up into the air quickly?
(3) What words refer to moving while underwater?
(3) What words refer to no longer being a virgin?
(3) What words refer to no longer being very sick?
(3) What words refer to no person?
(3) What words refer to not being able to think well? 
(3) What words refer to not being like most other people?
(3) What words refer to not being satisfied?
(3) What words refer to not doing something deliberately?
(3) What words refer to not knowing something?
(3) What words refer to not noticing something?
(3) What words refer to not thinking carefully?
(3) What words refer to not wanting to be naked?
(3) What words refer to notifying people that someone has died?
(3) What words refer to one organization belonging to another organization?
(3) What words refer to one person causing another to be unfair?
(3) What words refer to overtaking someone of something, which is moving in the same direction?
(3) What words refer to owing tax?
(3) What words refer to part of a festival or show?
(3) What words refer to parts of hats?
(3) What words refer to paying attention to something?
(3) What words refer to people of different races?
(3) What words refer to people of different tribes marrying each other?
(3) What words refer to people who are rioting?
(3) What words refer to people who play?
(3) What words refer to performing as a particular character?
(3) What words refer to plants dropping their fruit?
(3) What words refer to playing music?
(3) What words refer to plunder?
(3) What words refer to preventing someone from moving by tying them?
(3) What words refer to producing art?
(3) What words refer to protecting the environment?
(3) What words refer to pulling something with a lot of force so that it comes away from the thing it is connected to?
(3) What words refer to punishing someone by beating them?
(3) What words refer to pushing someone roughly?
(3) What words refer to pushing something into a small space?
(3) What words refer to putting air into something (such as a tire or balloon)?
(3) What words refer to putting on cosmetics?
(3) What words refer to putting something on top of something?
(3) What words refer to putting something somewhere?
(3) What words refer to putting sugar in food?
(3) What words refer to putting water on something?
(3) What words refer to reaching for something?
(3) What words refer to reacting too strongly?
(3) What words refer to reading aloud or silently?
(3) What words refer to refusing to give something?
(3) What words refer to removing a part from the surface of something?
(3) What words refer to renting something?
(3) What words refer to repeating an important part of a speech?
(3) What words refer to resigning from a group?
(3) What words refer to rotating?
(3) What words refer to rubbing something to make it smooth?
(3) What words refer to running quickly?
(3) What words refer to saving yourself?
(3) What words refer to saying that you are opposed to something?
(3) What words refer to seeing something that you have been looking for?
(3) What words refer to sending a letter?
(3) What words refer to sending someone to do something?
(3) What words refer to shaking oneself?
(3) What words refer to showing a movie?
(3) What words refer to showing something that you are proud of?
(3) What words refer to sitting down from a standing position?
(3) What words refer to smoke?
(3) What words refer to solids changing into liquids?
(3) What words refer to someone's approval?
(3) What words refer to someone being persuaded to change his thinking or decision?
(3) What words refer to someone being unsuitable for a job?
(3) What words refer to someone who complains?
(3) What words refer to someone who deceives?
(3) What words refer to someone who designs things?
(3) What words refer to someone who gossips?
(3) What words refer to someone who has been invited?
(3) What words refer to someone who is being mocked?
(3) What words refer to someone who is learning?
(3) What words refer to someone who is suspected?
(3) What words refer to someone who is taking a bath?
(3) What words refer to someone who kidnaps?
(3) What words refer to someone who leads?
(3) What words refer to someone who lies?
(3) What words refer to someone who listens?
(3) What words refer to someone who protests?
(3) What words refer to someone who rents a house?
(3) What words refer to something (such as a plant) that is neither male nor female?
(3) What words refer to something a person gives to atone for a sin?
(3) What words refer to something becoming fashionable?
(3) What words refer to something becoming flat?
(3) What words refer to something becoming light?
(3) What words refer to something becoming more stiff?
(3) What words refer to something becoming straight?
(3) What words refer to something becoming two or three times as much?
(3) What words refer to something becoming wide?
(3) What words refer to something being a mixture of other things?
(3) What words refer to something being damaged over a long period of time?
(3) What words refer to something being right for a particular job?
(3) What words refer to something being useful even though it doesn't seem to be?
(3) What words refer to something good that someone does for another person?
(3) What words refer to something happening early?
(3) What words refer to something made from a pattern?
(3) What words refer to something or someone making a sound?
(3) What words refer to something said humorously?
(3) What words refer to something shining with small points of light?
(3) What words refer to something showing that something has a good quality?
(3) What words refer to something someone gets?
(3) What words refer to something someone says in an quarrel?
(3) What words refer to something someone wants?
(3) What words refer to something that has been abandoned?
(3) What words refer to something that has been carved?
(3) What words refer to something that has been created?
(3) What words refer to something that has been drawn or painted?
(3) What words refer to something that has no meaning?
(3) What words refer to something that is attractive?
(3) What words refer to something that is big?
(3) What words refer to something that is bought?
(3) What words refer to something that is heavy?
(3) What words refer to something that is inherited?
(3) What words refer to something that is long?
(3) What words refer to something that is necessary?
(3) What words refer to something that is needed?
(3) What words refer to something that is not hollow?
(3) What words refer to something that is put under or against something to keep it from falling?
(3) What words refer to something that is said about something?
(3) What words refer to something that is small?
(3) What words refer to something that is smuggled?
(3) What words refer to something that is used to hide something?
(3) What words refer to something that makes you feel comfortable?
(3) What words refer to something that someone does using sorcery?
(3) What words refer to something that you lack?
(3) What words refer to something to which a person or thing is destined?
(3) What words refer to something used to decorate something?
(3) What words refer to something wearing out?
(3) What words refer to specific bones?
(3) What words refer to spending money carelessly?
(3) What words refer to spider webs?
(3) What words refer to spoiling a relationship?
(3) What words refer to sponges? (phylum Porifera)?
(3) What words refer to staggering?
(3) What words refer to stairs and other ways of climbing to a higher level?
(3) What words refer to starting an organization?
(3) What words refer to starting to do something again that you had been doing before?
(3) What words refer to starting to know someone after you have met them?
(3) What words refer to stealing things from a house or store?
(3) What words refer to stopping a fast?
(3) What words refer to stopping a vehicle?
(3) What words refer to stopping bleeding?
(3) What words refer to stopping someone from talking?
(3) What words refer to storing food?
(3) What words refer to straightening up?
(3) What words refer to succeeding in contacting someone?
(3) What words refer to successfully defending yourself or someone?
(3) What words refer to surrounding an enemy?
(3) What words refer to swallowing?
(3) What words refer to taking a short time to do something?
(3) What words refer to taking clothing off?
(3) What words refer to taking drugs?
(3) What words refer to taking someone somewhere?
(3) What words refer to taking water out of something?
(3) What words refer to tame animals?
(3) What words refer to teaching and training a child?
(3) What words refer to telling people about a law?
(3) What words refer to telling secrets to an enemy?
(3) What words refer to telling the truth without hiding anything?
(3) What words refer to the aardvark?
(3) What words refer to the ability to balance yourself?
(3) What words refer to the ability to do something brave?
(3) What words refer to the ability to smell?
(3) What words refer to the ability to taste?
(3) What words refer to the act of examining something?
(3) What words refer to the act of having mercy?
(3) What words refer to the act of killing someone?
(3) What words refer to the act of pursuing someone?
(3) What words refer to the act of worship?
(3) What words refer to the act or process of destroying something?
(3) What words refer to the act or state of agreeing?
(3) What words refer to the activity that something is used for?
(3) What words refer to the amount of food that someone is given?
(3) What words refer to the amount that is extra?
(3) What words refer to the area along the shore that the tide covers?
(3) What words refer to the bad part that remains after the good part has been taken?
(3) What words refer to the border of a country?
(3) What words refer to the children of your father by another mother, or of your mother by another father?
(3) What words refer to the condition of being disabled?
(3) What words refer to the condition or state of living forever?
(3) What words refer to the dirt that is removed?
(3) What words refer to the distance something can move?
(3) What words refer to the edge of a cup or plate?
(3) What words refer to the effect alcohol has on a person?
(3) What words refer to the equipment used to take care of a building?
(3) What words refer to the event of a miracle?
(3) What words refer to the event of giving birth?
(3) What words refer to the event of something appearing?
(3) What words refer to the event of stopping?
(3) What words refer to the feeling of liking something?
(3) What words refer to the feeling of love?
(3) What words refer to the feeling of suffering?
(3) What words refer to the feeling you get when you enjoy doing something?
(3) What words refer to the first language you learned as a child?
(3) What words refer to the fish that are caught?
(3) What words refer to the flour after it is ground?
(3) What words refer to the general practice of denying oneself something?
(3) What words refer to the gift?
(3) What words refer to the grade you get on a test?
(3) What words refer to the ground we stand on?
(3) What words refer to the hand?
(3) What words refer to the heart beating?
(3) What words refer to the image that is reflected?
(3) What words refer to the influence you have on another's mind or decision?
(3) What words refer to the inside or outside of a building?
(3) What words refer to the largest group?
(3) What words refer to the laws that set up a government?
(3) What words refer to the main meal of the day?
(3) What words refer to the material something is made of?
(3) What words refer to the muscles?
(3) What words refer to the night before this one?
(3) What words refer to the parent of an adopted child?
(3) What words refer to the part of a person that wants and decides?
(3) What words refer to the part of something used to hold it?
(3) What words refer to the parts of a process?
(3) What words refer to the people listening to the speech?
(3) What words refer to the person doing something?
(3) What words refer to the person or group that loses?
(3) What words refer to the person who has been accused of something?
(3) What words refer to the person who is acquitted?
(3) What words refer to the person who is condemned?
(3) What words refer to the person who owns something?
(3) What words refer to the place where a business works?
(3) What words refer to the place where dead people are?
(3) What words refer to the place where something is hidden?
(3) What words refer to the police catching a criminal?
(3) What words refer to the position a person takes toward a question or issue?
(3) What words refer to the practice of divining secrets?
(3) What words refer to the process a person goes through from birth to death?
(3) What words refer to the process of fighting against something bad?
(3) What words refer to the process of investigation?
(3) What words refer to the process of rebellion?
(3) What words refer to the process of relating to other people at work?
(3) What words refer to the purpose of something like a machine or tool?
(3) What words refer to the quality of being faithful?
(3) What words refer to the quality of being good?
(3) What words refer to the quality of being humble?
(3) What words refer to the quality of being impatient?
(3) What words refer to the quality of being mature?
(3) What words refer to the quality of being patient?
(3) What words refer to the quality of being selfish?
(3) What words refer to the quality of being tidy?
(3) What words refer to the quality of being uncaring?
(3) What words refer to the relationship itself?
(3) What words refer to the room where the toilet is?
(3) What words refer to the sexual behavior of animals?
(3) What words refer to the size of something?
(3) What words refer to the state of being free?
(3) What words refer to the state of being in an unusual state of consciousness?
(3) What words refer to the state of being unconscious?
(3) What words refer to the state of things being disorganized?
(3) What words refer to the status of a citizen?
(3) What words refer to the steps or parts of the initiation rites?
(3) What words refer to the study of matter?
(3) What words refer to the study of minerals?
(3) What words refer to the study of the physical universe?
(3) What words refer to the subject that is being studied?
(3) What words refer to the thing something is about?
(3) What words refer to the things that are planted?
(3) What words refer to the things that are removed?
(3) What words refer to the things that could be chosen?
(3) What words refer to the things used to write?
(3) What words refer to the time between dawn and noon?
(3) What words refer to the time of bleeding?
(3) What words refer to the time when the moon rises?
(3) What words refer to the time when the sun rises?
(3) What words refer to the tracks?
(3) What words refer to the trunk?
(3) What words refer to the way in which two things are different?
(3) What words refer to things joining together?
(3) What words refer to things that someone has collected?
(3) What words refer to throwing something with force?
(3) What words refer to treating a disease?
(3) What words refer to two things being linked?
(3) What words refer to two things happening at the same time?
(3) What words refer to two things moving toward each other?
(3) What words refer to two things that are used together?
(3) What words refer to tying up a person?
(3) What words refer to types of grammatical constructions?
(3) What words refer to unrolling something?
(3) What words refer to untangling something?
(3) What words refer to vomiting?
(3) What words refer to waiting in a line of people?
(3) What words refer to walking quickly?
(3) What words refer to wanting someone to do something more than something else?
(3) What words refer to wanting to have sex?
(3) What words refer to wanting to learn something?
(3) What words refer to watching something so that nothing bad happens?
(3) What words refer to water breaking into drops?
(3) What words refer to water washing away dirt?
(3) What words refer to what a person does to be saved?
(3) What words refer to what happens to food when leaven is added?
(3) What words refer to what is being burned?
(3) What words refer to what is drunk?
(3) What words refer to what is harvested?
(3) What words refer to what is in a container?
(3) What words refer to what is sacrificed?
(3) What words refer to what is said when boasting?
(3) What words refer to what is talked about?
(3) What words refer to what someone thinks of a person, either good or bad?
(3) What words refer to what you say when you describe something?
(3) What words refer to when a child becomes sexually active?
(3) What words refer to when the feces are liquid?
(3) What words refer to winning easily?
(3) What words refer to words that are similar in sound?
(3) What words refer to worshiping spirits?
(3) What words refer to young cats?
(3) What words refer to young cattle?
(3) What words refer to young dogs?
(3) What words refer to young goats?
(3) What words refer to young horses?
(3) What words refer to young pigs?
(3) What words refer to young sheep?
(3) What words refer to your mother's brother's child?
(3) What words refer to your mother's brother?
(3) Where are people imprisoned?
(3) Where do earthquakes occur?
(3) Where do people keep birds?
(3) Where do people urinate?
(3) Where is grain threshed?
(3) Who does the laundry?
(3) Who is the leader of a feast?
(4) A form that signals a situation that is prior to and relevant to a past reference time will be coded with two meaning labels, past and anterior.
(4) attempt: the agent attempts to complete the action specified by the predicate. Note: this has a sense of incompleteness, and I have seen authors call this "Incomplete" and gloss the examples with 'try'.
(4) certainty: the speaker is emphasizing that the proposition is true.
(4) complement to words of believing
(4) crastinal: tomorrow.
(4) How do horses move?
(4) How do snakes eat?
(4) hypothetical: the situation is unreal or imagined, but one that could be true: 'If we moved, we could have a garden'.
(4) In English 'Containership' can be expressed by a noun phrase with the 'Container' as the head and the 'Content' marked by 'of'.
(4) multiples of one thousand
(4) progressive: the action takes place simultaneously with the moment of reference, 'to be in the process of...'. This is more restricted than the English Progressive, which may be used for events that are not actually in progress at reference time: 'I am writing a book' may be used even if the speaker is not at that moment writing.
(4) prohibitive: the mood for expressing negative commands. The English is 'Don't'.
(4) sensory evidence: the speaker claims to have physically sensed the situation described. This can be in opposition to one or both of the above senses (i.e. any other sense), or it can indicate sensory evidence that is not further specified (i.e. any sensory evidence).
(4) state continues: state is continuing a reference time.
(4) What actions or postures symbolize worship?
(4) What animals are commonly domesticated?
(4) What animals are in the bear family?
(4) What are the military ranks in the navy?
(4) What are the names of other heavenly bodies?
(4) What are the names of specific children's games?
(4) What are the names of the sects?
(4) What are the occupations in hunting and fishing?
(4) What are the parts of a bone?
(4) What are the parts of a candle?
(4) What are the parts of a courtroom?
(4) What are the parts of a game?
(4) What are the parts of a gun?
(4) What are the parts of a loom?
(4) What are the parts of a prison?
(4) What are the parts of a saw?
(4) What are the parts of the intestines?
(4) What are the parts of the legs?
(4) What are the parts of the neck?
(4) What are the shades of orange?
(4) What are the steps or stages in giving birth?
(4) What are the symptoms of having a fever?
(4) What are the types of instruments that you blow into?
(4) What containers are used for sugar?
(4) What containers are used to store food?
(4) What do birds do?
(4) What do people do with their mouth?
(4) What do people say to someone who is late?
(4) What do people say to wake someone up?
(4) What do people say when a decision has been made?
(4) What do people say when they want someone to do something in a short time?
(4) What do people use to blow their nose?
(4) What do pigs eat?
(4) What do rumors do?
(4) What do sparks do?
(4) What do the ears do?
(4) What do the eyes do?
(4) What do the kidneys and bladder do?
(4) What do the teeth do?
(4) What do volcanoes produce?
(4) What do waves do when they hit the shore?
(4) What do you say when you want someone to listen to you?
(4) What does a blacksmith make?
(4) What does the nose do?
(4) What equipment and materials are used to brew alcohol?
(4) What euphemisms and idioms are used to refer to death?
(4) What exclamations do people use when speaking well of someone?
(4) What expressions are used to ask for a drink?
(4) What general words refer to liverworts?
(4) What general words refer to the type of land in an area?
(4) What happens to sweat?
(4) What idiophones are used of moving slowly?
(4) What is a baby bird called?
(4) What is a bad dream called?
(4) What is a group of insects called?
(4) What is a group of spies called?
(4) What is a lawyer called who defends the accused person?
(4) What is a leader of the (Christian-Catholic) religion called?
(4) What is a person called who can divine secrets?
(4) What is a person called who participates in the game?
(4) What is a person called who practices sorcery?
(4) What is a person called who starts something?
(4) What is a player called?
(4) What is a temporary house called?
(4) What is the best piece called?
(4) What is the name of the governing body that passes laws?
(4) What is the place called where unbelievers (bad people) go when they die?
(4) What kinds of abnormalities are there?
(4) What kinds of buildings are used  to store things?
(4) What kinds of rooms are there in an office?
(4) What materials and instruments are used by obstetricians and midwives?
(4) What materials are used as kindling?
(4) What materials are used to paint a house?
(4) What noises do chickens make?
(4) What non-verbal means are used to get someone's attention
(4) What official documents are used to prove citizenship?
(4) What plant products are used for chemicals?
(4) What pronouns express indefinite reference of a place?
(4) What pronouns refer to the audience?
(4) What refer to asking someone the way?
(4) What sounds do goats make?
(4) What sounds do sheep make?
(4) What special clothes are worn by the king?
(4) What special equipment is used to build a building?
(4) What special words do people use when they want to make a polite request?
(4) What species of mammals lay eggs?
(4) What species of odd-toed hoofed animals are there?
(4) What species of rabbit are there?
(4) What species of sea cow are there?
(4) What terms of direct address are used to show respect?
(4) What things are made out of glass?
(4) What things are used by a person who has lost a limb?
(4) What things are used to dye hair?
(4) What things are used to hold parts of clothes together?
(4) What things are used to provide water?
(4) What things are used to punish someone by beating them?
(4) What things are used?
(4) What things do people use to see things far away?
(4) What tools and machines are used to harvest crops?
(4) What tools and machines are used to move dirt?
(4) What tools and materials are used to carve a sculpture?
(4) What tools and materials are used to draw a picture?
(4) What tools and materials are used to rub something?
(4) What tools are used for climbing?
(4) What tools are used for fertilizing?
(4) What tools are used to cut hair?
(4) What tools are used to draw a circle?
(4) What tools are used to grind flour?
(4) What tools are used to take drugs?
(4) What tools are used to wash clothes?
(4) What tools does a carpenter work with?
(4) What tools does a stonemason work with?
(4) What types of beans are eaten?
(4) What types of disasters are there?
(4) What types of dogs are there?
(4) What types of evil supernatural beings are there?
(4) What types of fish are eaten?
(4) What types of foods are made primarily from meat?
(4) What types of grass are there?
(4) What types of military units are there?
(4) What types of poison are eaten or drunk?
(4) What types of trees are used for decoration?
(4) What utensils are used for catching spilled food?
(4) What utensils are used to move, stir, mix and turn food?
(4) What words are used for speaking inappropriately?
(4) What words are used for when or where the stars don't shine?
(4) What words are used of a light sleep?
(4) What words are used of operating a boat?
(4) What words are used of stopping a fire by blowing on it?
(4) What words are used to describe things related to the king's family?
(4) What words are used to end a list of things to indicate that there are more things in the list?
(4) What words are used to introduce a conclusion?
(4) What words are used to refer to a person who is a friend?
(4) What words are used to refer to all time or a time that will never end?
(4) What words are used to refer to someone when you can't remember what they are called?
(4) What words are used to refer to someone who is not an expert?
(4) What words are used to talk about the whole world, all the countries, or all the people?
(4) What words are used when a visitor comes to the door?
(4) What words describe a big change?
(4) What words describe a building that is in good condition?
(4) What words describe a complete victory?
(4) What words describe a disease that kills people?
(4) What words describe a feeling?
(4) What words describe a fire that starts to burn again after having died down?
(4) What words describe a good or bad musician?
(4) What words describe a group of people who are excited?
(4) What words describe a group of things that have been put in order?
(4) What words describe a hairstyle?
(4) What words describe a liquid that is almost solid?
(4) What words describe a man who acts like a man?
(4) What words describe a method of doing something?
(4) What words describe a miracle?
(4) What words describe a part of your body that is in pain?
(4) What words describe a person's legs?
(4) What words describe a person's mind is working well?
(4) What words describe a person's relationship with a group?
(4) What words describe a person who boasts?
(4) What words describe a person who has influence?
(4) What words describe a person who helps another?
(4) What words describe a person who is hated?
(4) What words describe a person who is not yet an adult?
(4) What words describe a person who is oppressed?
(4) What words describe a person who keeps changing his mind?
(4) What words describe a person who looks old?
(4) What words describe a person who plays?
(4) What words describe a person who usually uses his left hand?
(4) What words describe a person, force, or influence that divides a group?
(4) What words describe a person, force, or influence that unifies a group?
(4) What words describe a place or situation that is quiet?
(4) What words describe a place or situation where people are unfriendly?
(4) What words describe a place that is dark and makes you feel bad or afraid?
(4) What words describe a place where there is lots of light?
(4) What words describe a plant that is young?
(4) What words describe a sacrifice?
(4) What words describe a situation in which someone does enough or something happens enough?
(4) What words describe a situation that a person can endure?
(4) What words describe a situation that makes a person feel impatient?
(4) What words describe a sound or voice that is low on the musical scale?
(4) What words describe a sound that is so loud that you can't hear anything else?
(4) What words describe a story that is about people doing violent things?
(4) What words describe a surface that is level?
(4) What words describe a surface that is sloping?
(4) What words describe a time or place that is cold?
(4) What words describe a time or place that is hot?
(4) What words describe a wind that comes and goes?
(4) What words describe a woman who acts like a woman?
(4) What words describe a woman who is pregnant?
(4) What words describe an action that is against the law?
(4) What words describe an answer?
(4) What words describe an area that has a fence around it?
(4) What words describe an event that has happened recently?
(4) What words describe bad air (such as when the air in a room is dirty, hot, smells bad, or too many people are breathing)?
(4) What words describe birds?
(4) What words describe dirty water?
(4) What words describe food that is decaying?
(4) What words describe food to which spice has been added?
(4) What words describe how a person feels when he must wait?
(4) What words describe how a person is lying?
(4) What words describe how many clouds are in the sky?
(4) What words describe insects?
(4) What words describe modern art, literature, or music?
(4) What words describe oil?
(4) What words describe people who are rioting?
(4) What words describe rocks?
(4) What words describe someone's flesh or muscles?
(4) What words describe someone or something that is the same as before?
(4) What words describe someone who complains?
(4) What words describe someone who does not have mercy on other people?
(4) What words describe someone who enjoys doing something?
(4) What words describe someone who has been divorced?
(4) What words describe someone who is doing something?
(4) What words describe someone who is easily annoyed by unimportant things?
(4) What words describe someone who is fat and attractive?
(4) What words describe someone who is intelligent, well-educated, and thinks a lot?
(4) What words describe someone who is learning?
(4) What words describe someone who is not good at noticing things?
(4) What words describe someone who is older than everyone else?
(4) What words describe someone who is safe?
(4) What words describe someone who is strong and healthy?
(4) What words describe someone who is suspected?
(4) What words describe someone who is thin and attractive?
(4) What words describe someone who is too confident?
(4) What words describe someone who is very confused?
(4) What words describe someone who likes to stay at home?
(4) What words describe someone who loves?
(4) What words describe someone who spends lots of money carelessly?
(4) What words describe someone who suffers?
(4) What words describe someone who usually trusts other people?
(4) What words describe someone who wants to get revenge?
(4) What words describe something about your body?
(4) What words describe something about your family?
(4) What words describe something belonging to the army?
(4) What words describe something belonging to the navy?
(4) What words describe something going in one of the directions?
(4) What words describe something in the sky or something that happens in the sky?
(4) What words describe something or someone that is not known by anyone?
(4) What words describe something said in prophecy?
(4) What words describe something someone does that is humble?
(4) What words describe something someone does when they don't care?
(4) What words describe something that affects or includes everything?
(4) What words describe something that can make you sick?
(4) What words describe something that cannot be seen?
(4) What words describe something that causes bad luck?
(4) What words describe something that does not happen often?
(4) What words describe something that harms your health?
(4) What words describe something that has been broken?
(4) What words describe something that has been made short?
(4) What words describe something that has been sold for only a short time?
(4) What words describe something that has finished growing?
(4) What words describe something that has to do with smelling?
(4) What words describe something that has to do with tasting?
(4) What words describe something that is a light color?
(4) What words describe something that is beautiful?
(4) What words describe something that is being cooked?
(4) What words describe something that is colored like a rainbow?
(4) What words describe something that is difficult to move?
(4) What words describe something that is extra?
(4) What words describe something that is living?
(4) What words describe something that is needed?
(4) What words describe something that is not done deliberately?
(4) What words describe something that is not necessary?
(4) What words describe something that is old and good?
(4) What words describe something that is so old fashioned that people think it is stupid?
(4) What words describe something that is the same age as something else?
(4) What words describe something that is thin and flat?
(4) What words describe something that is tidy?
(4) What words describe something that is valued as bad?
(4) What words describe something that is worn?
(4) What words describe something that people want?
(4) What words describe something that should be straight but is bent?
(4) What words describe something that someone approves of?
(4) What words describe something that was made?
(4) What words describe something that you prefer?
(4) What words describe something to do with children?
(4) What words describe something, such as a feeling or quality, that someone or something seems to have?
(4) What words describe speech or actions that are obscene?
(4) What words describe the flow of a river when it is fast?
(4) What words describe the ground when it is wet?
(4) What words describe the kind of government in a country?
(4) What words describe the relationship between a husband's siblings and his wife's siblings?
(4) What words describe the sacred writings or a text from the sacred writings?
(4) What words describe the size of a hole in the ground?
(4) What words describe the weather when it is bad?
(4) What words describe things that have been arranged?
(4) What words describe two things that are a little similar?
(4) What words describe when a nail grows into the finger or toe and causes a sore?
(4) What words describe when the top of something is on the bottom?
(4) What words indicate a particular time?
(4) What words indicate an approximate number when the actual number is possibly more?
(4) What words indicate that a person or thing is the last in a list or line or group?
(4) What words indicate that an opinion is different than the opinion you have just given?
(4) What words indicate that many things are happening?
(4) What words indicate that several things are connected somehow?
(4) What words indicate that someone does something immediately without thinking about it?
(4) What words indicate that someone is in or going to a foreign country?
(4) What words indicate that something (like an area or road) continues for some distance?
(4) What words indicate that something good will probably happen?
(4) What words indicate that something happens at an exact place?
(4) What words indicate that something happens before it is too late?
(4) What words indicate that something happens during the whole day?
(4) What words indicate that something happens or someone does something more than anything else?
(4) What words indicate that something happens too early?
(4) What words indicate that something is a particular weight?
(4) What words indicate that something is almost finished?
(4) What words indicate that something is far enough so that you cannot do something?
(4) What words indicate that something is impossible to get?
(4) What words indicate that something is in front of you?
(4) What words indicate that something is larger than another thing in degree?
(4) What words indicate that something is less in some quality than another thing?
(4) What words indicate that something is near enough so that you can do something?
(4) What words indicate that something is only what you say it is, and not something more?
(4) What words indicate that something is smaller than another thing in degree?
(4) What words indicate that something is the first in a list of things that you will talk about?
(4) What words indicate that something is uncertain because people have many different opinions about it?
(4) What words indicate that something looks a particular way?
(4) What words indicate that something must be done before a particular time?
(4) What words indicate that something will start in the future and continue?
(4) What words indicate that the actual number is more than a particular number?
(4) What words indicate that there are a very small number of things or people?
(4) What words indicate that things are arranged with regular spaces in between?
(4) What words indicate that two things are going in the same direction?
(4) What words indicate that two things are next to each other and facing in the same direction?
(4) What words indicate that you are adding another in a list of thoughts?
(4) What words indicate that you are doing something that someone has asked you to do?
(4) What words indicate that you can do something, but it is difficult?
(4) What words indicate the answer in an equation?
(4) What words indicate the material that something is made of?
(4) What words indicate the purpose of something?
(4) What words indicate the way in which something happened?
(4) What words modify the length of time?
(4) What words refer something coming out of a baby's mouth?
(4) What words refer to a bay?
(4) What words refer to a blind person?
(4) What words refer to a business that cares for people's hair?
(4) What words refer to a camera?
(4) What words refer to a castrated bull?
(4) What words refer to a castrated male horse?
(4) What words refer to a castrated sheep?
(4) What words refer to a change in degree?
(4) What words refer to a comfortable feeling?
(4) What words refer to a container becoming big?
(4) What words refer to a deaf person?
(4) What words refer to a deep place?
(4) What words refer to a disabled person?
(4) What words refer to a disadvantage?
(4) What words refer to a doctor who treats teeth?
(4) What words refer to a fight between many people?
(4) What words refer to a fold in something?
(4) What words refer to a good reputation?
(4) What words refer to a group of  things that have been gathered together?
(4) What words refer to a group of people singing together?
(4) What words refer to a group of sports events?
(4) What words refer to a group of things that are put on top of each other?
(4) What words refer to a group of things that have been separated?
(4) What words refer to a group of three?
(4) What words refer to a group of vehicles or ships moving together?
(4) What words refer to a hole made by an animal?
(4) What words refer to a knot or a particular kind of knot?
(4) What words refer to a large wave caused by an earthquake?
(4) What words refer to a lawyer?
(4) What words refer to a leaky pipe?
(4) What words refer to a list of events?
(4) What words refer to a married woman having a child by another man?
(4) What words refer to a measured amount of something?
(4) What words refer to a meeting of a political party?
(4) What words refer to a name that is not correct?
(4) What words refer to a part of an arm when it is in a particular position?
(4) What words refer to a particular type of treatment?
(4) What words refer to a person's weakness?
(4) What words refer to a person belonging to a lower class?
(4) What words refer to a person in a relationship?
(4) What words refer to a person that you doubt?
(4) What words refer to a person who casts out demons?
(4) What words refer to a person who creates?
(4) What words refer to a person who gambles?
(4) What words refer to a person who has courage?
(4) What words refer to a person who hires someone?
(4) What words refer to a person who is being initiated?
(4) What words refer to a person who is on holiday?
(4) What words refer to a person who smokes tobacco?
(4) What words refer to a person who talks on the radio or television?
(4) What words refer to a person who threatens?
(4) What words refer to a person who works for a day or a few days?
(4) What words refer to a person whose parents are from two different races?
(4) What words refer to a person you work with?
(4) What words refer to a piece of iron that attracts other pieces of iron?
(4) What words refer to a place in a forest where there are no trees?
(4) What words refer to a place in a school?
(4) What words refer to a place where animals are butchered?
(4) What words refer to a place where animals can eat grass?
(4) What words refer to a place where medicine is kept or given out?
(4) What words refer to a place where people put garbage?
(4) What words refer to a plant bearing seeds or fruit?
(4) What words refer to a ray of light?
(4) What words refer to a refusal to greet someone?
(4) What words refer to a repeated sound?
(4) What words refer to a rocket lifting off?
(4) What words refer to a saying that is used so often that people think it is stupid?
(4) What words refer to a season related to the weather?
(4) What words refer to a short person?
(4) What words refer to a small meal?
(4) What words refer to a soldier in the air force?
(4) What words refer to a sound that is repeated faintly?
(4) What words refer to a species dying out completely?
(4) What words refer to a storm starting?
(4) What words refer to a tall person?
(4) What words refer to a teacher grading a test?
(4) What words refer to a thin piece?
(4) What words refer to a time when a person fasts or denies himself in some other way?
(4) What words refer to a time when everyone is silent?
(4) What words refer to a tunnel?
(4) What words refer to a very small part that remains?
(4) What words refer to a will?
(4) What words refer to a written document expressing agreement?
(4) What words refer to abandoning a place?
(4) What words refer to adding a quality to something?
(4) What words refer to adding more of a substance to the solution?
(4) What words refer to allowing food to ripen?
(4) What words refer to allowing something to happen by not making any effort to prevent it?
(4) What words refer to almost losing?
(4) What words refer to an admission of wrong?
(4) What words refer to an announcement of a proposed marriage?
(4) What words refer to an area that is big?
(4) What words refer to an area that is often flooded by a river?
(4) What words refer to an artist?
(4) What words refer to an attack?
(4) What words refer to an embarrassing mistake?
(4) What words refer to an expectation not happening?
(4) What words refer to an infection becoming worse?
(4) What words refer to an instance of rebelling?
(4) What words refer to an irregular shape?
(4) What words refer to an issue of a newspaper?
(4) What words refer to arranging two events so that they happen at the same time?
(4) What words refer to arriving in a boat?
(4) What words refer to assigning something to a class?
(4) What words refer to batteries?
(4) What words refer to becoming high?
(4) What words refer to becoming low?
(4) What words refer to becoming mentally ill?
(4) What words refer to becoming peaceful?
(4) What words refer to becoming tired?
(4) What words refer to being a little worried?
(4) What words refer to being captured?
(4) What words refer to being caught in a trap?
(4) What words refer to being lower in status than someone else?
(4) What words refer to being so determined that you are even willing to do something bad?
(4) What words refer to being under something?
(4) What words refer to being very shocked or shocked for a long time?
(4) What words refer to being very sick?
(4) What words refer to betraying your country?
(4) What words refer to blood?
(4) What words refer to breathing out?
(4) What words refer to caring for the spirit of a dead person?
(4) What words refer to carrying many things?
(4) What words refer to cartilage and other hard parts that are not eaten?
(4) What words refer to catching an animal?
(4) What words refer to causing someone to dislike something?
(4) What words refer to causing someone to do something slowly?
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel calm?
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel cowardly?
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel disgusted?
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel interested?
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel obsessed?
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel relaxed?
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel shy?
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel surprised?
(4) What words refer to causing someone to stand?
(4) What words refer to causing something to move from somewhere?
(4) What words refer to changing the size of something so that it will fit?
(4) What words refer to chewing?
(4) What words refer to clay?
(4) What words refer to climbing?
(4) What words refer to collecting fuel?
(4) What words refer to coming to the surface of the water?
(4) What words refer to crying in an annoying way?
(4) What words refer to cultivated plants?
(4) What words refer to cutting something into many pieces?
(4) What words refer to decreasing slowly?
(4) What words refer to defense?
(4) What words refer to deliberately delaying someone in order to accomplish something?
(4) What words refer to determining the quantity of something a second time?
(4) What words refer to different kinds of economic systems?
(4) What words refer to difficulty in swallowing?
(4) What words refer to dirt mixed with water?
(4) What words refer to disciplining a child?
(4) What words refer to discovering the difference between two things?
(4) What words refer to doing something good?
(4) What words refer to doing something in order to be certain that something will happen?
(4) What words refer to doing something quickly?
(4) What words refer to doing something that causes someone to mock you?
(4) What words refer to doing what someone advises?
(4) What words refer to drawing water from a well?
(4) What words refer to earning a lot of money?
(4) What words refer to eating a lot?
(4) What words refer to elements?
(4) What words refer to ending a telephone call?
(4) What words refer to explaining something difficult using simple language?
(4) What words refer to falling from a standing position?
(4) What words refer to feeling bad for a long time?
(4) What words refer to feeling bad if you are naked?
(4) What words refer to feeling like you want to sleep?
(4) What words refer to feeling sad because someone died?
(4) What words refer to feeling very afraid?
(4) What words refer to feeling very angry?
(4) What words refer to feeling very annoyed?
(4) What words refer to feeling very ashamed?
(4) What words refer to feeling very disappointed?
(4) What words refer to feeling very embarrassed?
(4) What words refer to feeling very enthusiastic?
(4) What words refer to feeling very good about yourself?
(4) What words refer to feeling very good?
(4) What words refer to feeling very happy?
(4) What words refer to feeling very indifferent?
(4) What words refer to feeling very jealous?
(4) What words refer to feeling very lonely?
(4) What words refer to feeling very nervous?
(4) What words refer to feeling very uninterested?
(4) What words refer to feeling very upset?
(4) What words refer to filing the teeth?
(4) What words refer to foolish or ignorant beliefs about religion?
(4) What words refer to forgetting many things because of a head injury?
(4) What words refer to getting a book ready to publish?
(4) What words refer to giving many things to someone?
(4) What words refer to going to an unknown place in order to discover what is there?
(4) What words refer to groups of people who are related by kinship?
(4) What words refer to hair on different parts of the body?
(4) What words refer to having an accident?
(4) What words refer to having cosmetics on?
(4) What words refer to having to start something again from the very beginning?
(4) What words refer to hiccupping?
(4) What words refer to hiding yourself?
(4) What words refer to his guilt?
(4) What words refer to his innocence?
(4) What words refer to hitting something with your fist or hand?
(4) What words refer to holding a baby?
(4) What words refer to holding something with the hand open?
(4) What words refer to how fast something is moving?
(4) What words refer to how fast you are running?
(4) What words refer to how much you can eat or want to eat?
(4) What words refer to how someone reacts?
(4) What words refer to ignoring someone by rudely pretending not to see them?
(4) What words refer to improperly using something that has been dedicated?
(4) What words refer to increasing very quickly?
(4) What words refer to inheriting physical traits from your ancestors?
(4) What words refer to injuring a muscle?
(4) What words refer to jewelry worn on the legs?
(4) What words refer to jumping on one leg?
(4) What words refer to keeping air out of something?
(4) What words refer to killing a baby before birth?
(4) What words refer to killing animals?
(4) What words refer to knowing something slightly?
(4) What words refer to knowledge about a crime?
(4) What words refer to laughing a lot or loudly?
(4) What words refer to liking something very much?
(4) What words refer to limping?
(4) What words refer to liquids changing into solids?
(4) What words refer to looking for minerals?
(4) What words refer to looking for something and not seeing it?
(4) What words refer to looking quickly at many things or a large area?
(4) What words refer to losing your balance?
(4) What words refer to machines that play music?
(4) What words refer to making a fire bigger?
(4) What words refer to making a map?
(4) What words refer to making an expression on your face?
(4) What words refer to making something become two or three times as much?
(4) What words refer to making something fashionable?
(4) What words refer to making something less dense?
(4) What words refer to making something light?
(4) What words refer to making something more complicated?
(4) What words refer to making something popular?
(4) What words refer to making something pure by removing other things from it?
(4) What words refer to making something wide?
(4) What words refer to medicine that you eat or drink?
(4) What words refer to mixing the races?
(4) What words refer to more than one thing meeting?
(4) What words refer to moving at the same speed as the person you are following?
(4) What words refer to moving in a train?
(4) What words refer to moving in a vehicle?
(4) What words refer to moving over something?
(4) What words refer to moving something that is difficult to move?
(4) What words refer to moving to a new country?
(4) What words refer to moving your arms and shoulders?
(4) What words refer to no time?
(4) What words refer to noon?
(4) What words refer to not being able to hear something?
(4) What words refer to not doing what you promised?
(4) What words refer to not having enough food or money to live?
(4) What words refer to not wearing a piece of clothing?
(4) What words refer to offering someone money for something you want?
(4) What words refer to one person causing another to be in an unusual state of consciousness?
(4) What words refer to organizing things a second time, or organizing things after they have been disorganized?
(4) What words refer to orgasm?
(4) What words refer to part of a piece of music?
(4) What words refer to parts of words?
(4) What words refer to paying tax?
(4) What words refer to paying too much attention to something?
(4) What words refer to people being compatible?
(4) What words refer to people doing something one by one?
(4) What words refer to people who are married?
(4) What words refer to persuading someone not to do something?
(4) What words refer to preventing someone from moving by putting them in an enclosure?
(4) What words refer to pulling something, but without making it come away from the thing it is connected to?
(4) What words refer to pulling the feathers off of a dead bird?
(4) What words refer to pushing people in a crowd?
(4) What words refer to putting drops of water on something?
(4) What words refer to putting something in water?
(4) What words refer to putting something into a hole or small space?
(4) What words refer to putting too much faith in something?
(4) What words refer to reading quickly?
(4) What words refer to refining oil?
(4) What words refer to reincarnation?
(4) What words refer to removing a tooth?
(4) What words refer to removing words from a book, or music from a tape?
(4) What words refer to repeating what someone else said?
(4) What words refer to rolling something?
(4) What words refer to running away from someone?
(4) What words refer to saying a poem?
(4) What words refer to secretly watching something?
(4) What words refer to seeing something with difficulty?
(4) What words refer to sex before marriage?
(4) What words refer to showing someone where something is?
(4) What words refer to sitting up from a lying position?
(4) What words refer to snow or ice on the ground?
(4) What words refer to someone or something that destroys things?
(4) What words refer to someone who deceives in order to steal?
(4) What words refer to someone who delivers a letter?
(4) What words refer to someone who does something with another person?
(4) What words refer to someone who has enough but is not rich or poor?
(4) What words refer to someone who is mourning?
(4) What words refer to someone who is pursuing someone?
(4) What words refer to someone who is unfairly blamed for something?
(4) What words refer to someone who is very bad?
(4) What words refer to someone who opposes something?
(4) What words refer to someone who represents another person?
(4) What words refer to someone who sets someone free?
(4) What words refer to someone who tells a story?
(4) What words refer to someone you know, who is not a friend?
(4) What words refer to something (such as a plant) that is both male and female?
(4) What words refer to something a person should do?
(4) What words refer to something become full?
(4) What words refer to something becoming big?
(4) What words refer to something becoming dry?
(4) What words refer to something becoming heavy?
(4) What words refer to something becoming long?
(4) What words refer to something becoming narrow?
(4) What words refer to something becoming small?
(4) What words refer to something becoming thick?
(4) What words refer to something being shiny when light shines on it?
(4) What words refer to something being unsuitable because it isn't good enough?
(4) What words refer to something causing someone to lose consciousness?
(4) What words refer to something ceasing to exist?
(4) What words refer to something continuing to be in a good condition?
(4) What words refer to something done humorously?
(4) What words refer to something flat?
(4) What words refer to something happening after something else?
(4) What words refer to something joining itself to something?
(4) What words refer to something people quarrel about?
(4) What words refer to something shining brighter and dimmer again and again?
(4) What words refer to something showing that something has a bad quality?
(4) What words refer to something someone does that is mature?
(4) What words refer to something someone does that is right for a particular situation?
(4) What words refer to something someone gives to a beggar?
(4) What words refer to something someone protests about?
(4) What words refer to something someone says about a dead person?
(4) What words refer to something someone says or does that is stupid?
(4) What words refer to something someone says when criticizing?
(4) What words refer to something starting a natural process?
(4) What words refer to something that causes impurity?
(4) What words refer to something that continues?
(4) What words refer to something that has become tangled?
(4) What words refer to something that has been knitted?
(4) What words refer to something that is empty?
(4) What words refer to something that is non-physical?
(4) What words refer to something that is ugly?
(4) What words refer to something that makes a sound to warn people?
(4) What words refer to something that makes good things happen to someone?
(4) What words refer to something that reflects light?
(4) What words refer to something that reminds a person of something?
(4) What words refer to something that you sense?
(4) What words refer to something used by two people?
(4) What words refer to something used to lift things?
(4) What words refer to something used to protect someone?
(4) What words refer to specific holidays?
(4) What words refer to spending time resting in order to recover?
(4) What words refer to spoiling an event?
(4) What words refer to spots on a person's skin?
(4) What words refer to starting to talk about something?
(4) What words refer to stealing something from a person?
(4) What words refer to stirring something so that it is mixed well?
(4) What words refer to studying something a second time?
(4) What words refer to suggesting someone for a job?
(4) What words refer to swelling increasing?
(4) What words refer to taking an animal somewhere?
(4) What words refer to telling the truth without caring how other people feel?
(4) What words refer to the ability to feel?
(4) What words refer to the ability to imagine?
(4) What words refer to the act of atoning for a sin?
(4) What words refer to the act of forcing someone to do something?
(4) What words refer to the aftereffects of being drunk?
(4) What words refer to the answer to a mathematical problem?
(4) What words refer to the answer?
(4) What words refer to the area around your house?
(4) What words refer to the branches?
(4) What words refer to the character quality of doing good?
(4) What words refer to the condition of being poor?
(4) What words refer to the contents of the stomach?
(4) What words refer to the contractions of the muscles of the uterus?
(4) What words refer to the discharge?
(4) What words refer to the edge of a piece of clothing?
(4) What words refer to the entire human race?
(4) What words refer to the event of something disappearing?
(4) What words refer to the feeling of being sexually attracted?
(4) What words refer to the feeling of despising someone?
(4) What words refer to the feeling of love?
(4) What words refer to the feeling of wanting to thank someone?
(4) What words refer to the flag and other symbols of a country?
(4) What words refer to the formation of minerals?
(4) What words refer to the government killing someone because they committed a crime?
(4) What words refer to the heart beating quickly?
(4) What words refer to the house of the ruler?
(4) What words refer to the inside of a house?
(4) What words refer to the language used to talk about a particular subject?
(4) What words refer to the life cycle of insects?
(4) What words refer to the liquid produced?
(4) What words refer to the main part of something?
(4) What words refer to the material left over after metal has been taken out of rocks?
(4) What words refer to the medicine used in traditional medicine?
(4) What words refer to the middle position between two places, times, or amounts?
(4) What words refer to the money that is borrowed?
(4) What words refer to the number or amount that you get when you measure something?
(4) What words refer to the part of a person that feels?
(4) What words refer to the parts of a container?
(4) What words refer to the parts of a finger or toe?
(4) What words refer to the parts of a fort?
(4) What words refer to the parts of an organization?
(4) What words refer to the people who act?
(4) What words refer to the people who are getting married?
(4) What words refer to the people who dance?
(4) What words refer to the person who owns the land?
(4) What words refer to the place that something has in a series?
(4) What words refer to the place toward which a person is moving?
(4) What words refer to the place where a war is fought?
(4) What words refer to the process by which people contact each other?
(4) What words refer to the process of rusting?
(4) What words refer to the process of taming an animal?
(4) What words refer to the production of gas?
(4) What words refer to the production of saliva?
(4) What words refer to the quality of being crazy?
(4) What words refer to the quality of being immature?
(4) What words refer to the quality of being polite?
(4) What words refer to the quality of being reliable?
(4) What words refer to the quality of being self-controlled?
(4) What words refer to the quality of being stubborn?
(4) What words refer to the quality of being untidy?
(4) What words refer to the quality of being useful?
(4) What words refer to the quality of lacking self-control?
(4) What words refer to the quality of showing off?
(4) What words refer to the quality of something that is attractive?
(4) What words refer to the size of a model in comparison to the size of the real thing?
(4) What words refer to the size of the fire?
(4) What words refer to the skin changing color due to illness?
(4) What words refer to the smallest group?
(4) What words refer to the state of being alone?
(4) What words refer to the state of being healthy?
(4) What words refer to the state or right to be free?
(4) What words refer to the strength or ability to be energetic?
(4) What words refer to the study of the environment?
(4) What words refer to the study of the ocean?
(4) What words refer to the study of the sky?
(4) What words refer to the suddenness of something?
(4) What words refer to the sun and planets?
(4) What words refer to the sun changing the color of something?
(4) What words refer to the symbols used to write music?
(4) What words refer to the target?
(4) What words refer to the thing that is cooked?
(4) What words refer to the thing that is thought better?
(4) What words refer to the thing that links two things?
(4) What words refer to the thought or feeling that someone is good?
(4) What words refer to the time period during which a woman can become pregnant?
(4) What words refer to the time when a person is alive?
(4) What words refer to the time when the moon sets?
(4) What words refer to the time when the sun is at its highest point?
(4) What words refer to the top of a mountain?
(4) What words refer to the trees that are cut down?
(4) What words refer to the true situation rather than the situation that people think exists?
(4) What words refer to the very small animals in the ocean?
(4) What words refer to the way a word should be said?
(4) What words refer to the way an organization is organized?
(4) What words refer to the wrong time to do something?
(4) What words refer to things used to worship spirits?
(4) What words refer to thinking about what is good for someone?
(4) What words refer to thinking against God?
(4) What words refer to thinking you are more important than you really are?
(4) What words refer to those areas of life outside of religion?
(4) What words refer to throwing a ball when playing a game?
(4) What words refer to thunder?
(4) What words refer to trying to change someone's behavior?
(4) What words refer to trying to do something, even though you are unlikely to succeed?
(4) What words refer to turning a container so that its contents come out?
(4) What words refer to turning something so the bottom side is up?
(4) What words refer to two nights ago?
(4) What words refer to two or more people doing something in alternate turns?
(4) What words refer to two rivers coming together?
(4) What words refer to types of cats?
(4) What words refer to using something for a long time until it is damaged?
(4) What words refer to using something in the wrong way?
(4) What words refer to using waterpower?
(4) What words refer to visiting over a night?
(4) What words refer to vomiting without bringing anything up?
(4) What words refer to walking slowly?
(4) What words refer to watching a movie?
(4) What words refer to water animals with tentacles (phylum Coelenterata)?
(4) What words refer to water draining out of something?
(4) What words refer to water forming bubbles?
(4) What words refer to wearing glasses?
(4) What words refer to what is provided?
(4) What words refer to what is said?
(4) What words refer to what is taught?
(4) What words refer to when a machine is working?
(4) What words refer to when it is difficult to defecate?
(4) What words refer to when the rain stops?
(4) What words refer to woven material?
(4) What words refer to writing numbers on a series of things?
(4) What words refer to your mother's sister's child?
(4) What words refer to your mother's sister?
(4) What words refer to your mother?
(4) When a person remarries, what words are used of their first spouse?
(4) When your father or mother marries a person who already has children by a previous marriage, what words refer to those children?
(4) Where are bodies prepared for burial?
(4) Where are idols placed?
(4) Where do airplanes land?
(4) Where do birds live?
(4) Where do people hunt?
(4) Where do people keep fish?
(4) Where do the police work?
(4) Where do things typically stop?
(4) Where do workers rest?
(4) Where does a person take a bath?
(4) Where is music played?
(4) Where is wealth stored?
(4) Who does the activity?
(4) Who does the operation?
(4) Who is invited to a feast?
(5) admonitive: the command constitutes a warning: 'you had better not...'.
(5) complement to words of saying
(5) counterfactual: the proposition describes an unreal or imagined situation that could have been true but was not: 'If you had taken algebra, you would know this formula' (but you did not).
(5) desire: the agent of the verb desires or wants to complete the action of the verb.
(5) excessive duration: action is extended over a long period of time, longer than normal for that action.
(5) hesternal: yesterday.
(5) How do insects eat?
(5) How do lions move?
(5) How do you ask someone what he is doing?
(5) In English 'Containership' can be expressed by a noun phrase with the word 'container' as the head and the 'Content' marked by 'of'.
(5) indirect evidence: the speaker claims not to have witnessed the situation, but does not specify further whether the evidence is reported or simply inferred.
(5) numbers larger than one thousand
(5) state changes: (self-explanatory).
(5) uncertainty: the speaker is emphasizing that s/he doesn't know that the proposition is true.
(5) What affect does tobacco have on a person?
(5) What animals are in the weasel family?
(5) What are the military ranks in the air force?
(5) What are the occupations in medicine?
(5) What are the outward signs of friendship?
(5) What are the parts of a camera?
(5) What are the parts of a lamp?
(5) What are the parts of a road?
(5) What are the parts of a sheep?
(5) What are the parts of a sports events?
(5) What are the parts of a vehicle?
(5) What are the parts of games?
(5) What are the parts of the kidneys and bladder?
(5) What are the parts of the skin and hair?
(5) What are the parts or stages of a funeral?
(5) What are the products of lumbering?
(5) What are the shades of yellow?
(5) What are the symptoms of beginning to go to sleep?
(5) What are the symptoms of stomach illness?
(5) What containers are used to mix food?
(5) What do birds do to eggs?
(5) What do cats do?
(5) What do people do about sweat?
(5) What do people do with their nails?
(5) What do people say when they don't care?
(5) What do people say when they thank someone?
(5) What do pigs do?
(5) What do snakes do?
(5) What do you say to someone when you want him to do something slowly?
(5) What does a person use to take a bath?
(5) What does mud do?
(5) What expressions are used to offer a drink?
(5) What foods are made primarily from staple foods?
(5) What games involve jumping?
(5) What general words refer to a unit of measure?
(5) What general words refer to the parts of all living things?
(5) What happens at a feast?
(5) What instruments are used to weigh something?
(5) What is a group of players called?
(5) What is a group of small animals called?
(5) What is a lawyer called who tries to convict the accused person?
(5) What is a person called who guards the door or gate, and answers when visitors come?
(5) What is a person called who participates in the game?
(5) What is a poor person called?
(5) What is done to a field after the crops are harvested?
(5) What is each side called?
(5) What is the validating principle behind these methods?
(5) What is used to protect a body?
(5) What kinds of buildings are used  to sell things?
(5) What kinds of rooms are there in a store?
(5) What kinds of things are used to heat or cool a house?
(5) What materials are used by women to absorb the discharge?
(5) What materials are used to make a roof?
(5) What materials are used?
(5) What means do people use to wake themselves up?
(5) What other buildings are associated with the house and built next to it?
(5) What other people are involved in a wedding?
(5) What other types of seeds are eaten?
(5) What plant products are used for burning?
(5) What pronouns express indefinite reference of a reason?
(5) What pronouns refer to the people or things being spoken about?
(5) What question words ask for the distance between two things?
(5) What refer to grinding your teeth together?
(5) What sounds do babies make?
(5) What sounds do dogs make?
(5) What sounds do fires make?
(5) What sounds do pigs make?
(5) What special clothes are worn by doctors?
(5) What special clothes are worn?
(5) What species of hyrax are there?
(5) What species of liverworts are there?
(5) What things are made out of clay?
(5) What things are used to stop things?
(5) What things do people use to protect their eyes?
(5) What tools and machines are used for working with oil and gas?
(5) What tools and materials are used to paint a picture?
(5) What tools are used to determine if something is vertical?
(5) What tools are used to work with glass?
(5) What tools does a blacksmith use?
(5) What types of actions make up worship?
(5) What types of aromatic herbs are there?
(5) What types of bows are there?
(5) What types of cows are there?
(5) What types of horses are there?
(5) What types of paintings are there?
(5) What types of poison affect the skin?
(5) What types of reptiles are eaten?
(5) What utensils are used to serve food?
(5) What words and expressions are used when greeting someone?
(5) What words are used for killing birds?
(5) What words are used for the period of time when the sun is shining?
(5) What words are used in greetings to show respect?
(5) What words are used of a deep sleep?
(5) What words are used of cleaning water?
(5) What words are used of generating electricity using waterpower?
(5) What words are used of lowering someone's status?
(5) What words are used of stopping a fire by covering it?
(5) What words are used of the relationship between a husband and wife?
(5) What words are used to describe the manner in which someone dies?
(5) What words are used to talk about grammar?
(5) What words are used to talk about mathematics?
(5) What words are used with each of these tools?
(5) What words describe a building that is not in good condition?
(5) What words describe a child who is polite?
(5) What words describe a disease that people can get easily?
(5) What words describe a man who acts like a boy or a woman?
(5) What words describe a person who gets angry often or easily?
(5) What words describe a person who is from a part of the country that is north, south, east, or west?
(5) What words describe a person who is very happy?
(5) What words describe a person who oppresses?
(5) What words describe a place that is beautiful?
(5) What words describe a saying?
(5) What words describe a simple connection between two things?
(5) What words describe a situation or actions when people are rioting?
(5) What words describe a situation that helps someone rest?
(5) What words describe a small change?
(5) What words describe a sound that is loud and high?
(5) What words describe a strong wind?
(5) What words describe a time or place that is cool?
(5) What words describe a time or place that is warm?
(5) What words describe a voice that is rough?
(5) What words describe a wave getting bigger?
(5) What words describe a woman who acts like a man?
(5) What words describe an organization that has existed for a short time?
(5) What words describe cloth that has been made by weaving?
(5) What words describe ground with lots of rocks in it?
(5) What words describe how a person sits down?
(5) What words describe how hard it is raining?
(5) What words describe news of something that happened recently?
(5) What words describe regaining normal consciousness?
(5) What words describe someone of something that destroys things?
(5) What words describe someone or something that can do magic?
(5) What words describe someone or something that is not popular?
(5) What words describe someone or something that never changes?
(5) What words describe someone who can divine secrets?
(5) What words describe someone who cannot walk well?
(5) What words describe someone who cannot work or run for a long time?
(5) What words describe someone who gets angry easily?
(5) What words describe someone who has been disabled?
(5) What words describe someone who is alone and unhappy?
(5) What words describe someone who is fat and strong?
(5) What words describe someone who is not an expert?
(5) What words describe someone who is not guilty?
(5) What words describe someone who is not interested in anything?
(5) What words describe someone who is often nervous?
(5) What words describe someone who is sexually attractive?
(5) What words describe someone who is thin and not attractive?
(5) What words describe someone who is wearing cosmetics?
(5) What words describe someone who looks or acts young?
(5) What words describe someone who makes good decisions?
(5) What words describe someone who needs mercy?
(5) What words describe someone who opposes something?
(5) What words describe someone who quarrels often?
(5) What words describe someone who uses obscenities a lot?
(5) What words describe someone whose name is not known?
(5) What words describe something belonging to the military?
(5) What words describe something characteristic of all people?
(5) What words describe something happening at the wrong time?
(5) What words describe something having to do with sex?
(5) What words describe something like cloth or paper that is thin?
(5) What words describe something someone does that is immature?
(5) What words describe something someone does that is mature?
(5) What words describe something someone says or does when they love someone?
(5) What words describe something someone says when criticizing?
(5) What words describe something that can be easily seen?
(5) What words describe something that can be sensed?
(5) What words describe something that causes someone to be obsessed?
(5) What words describe something that causes someone to feel cowardly?
(5) What words describe something that causes someone to feel hateful?
(5) What words describe something that does not harm anything?
(5) What words describe something that happens in an accident?
(5) What words describe something that has been made light?
(5) What words describe something that has been used so much that it is no longer useful?
(5) What words describe something that has not yet finished growing?
(5) What words describe something that has the name of something but not its qualities?
(5) What words describe something that has to do with a country?
(5) What words describe something that is a bright color?
(5) What words describe something that is balanced?
(5) What words describe something that is exactly the same as another thing?
(5) What words describe something that is humorous?
(5) What words describe something that is liked?
(5) What words describe something that is next to another?
(5) What words describe something that is not flat?
(5) What words describe something that is old and not good?
(5) What words describe something that is old fashioned but people still like it?
(5) What words describe something that is under another thing?
(5) What words describe something that makes you lucky?
(5) What words describe something that people don't want?
(5) What words describe something that reflects light?
(5) What words describe something that remains?
(5) What words describe something that shines dimly in the dark?
(5) What words describe something that someone is forced to do?
(5) What words describe something that was created?
(5) What words describe something to do with the male organs?
(5) What words describe something to do with the sex of a person?
(5) What words describe something to do with the stomach?
(5) What words describe something to do with young people?
(5) What words describe something whose color has changed?
(5) What words describe the air when there is water in it?
(5) What words describe the appearance of fire?
(5) What words describe the appearance of the sky?
(5) What words describe the parts of a person's face?
(5) What words describe the person who should do something?
(5) What words describe the sound thunder makes?
(5) What words describe the way air moves through the nose?
(5) What words describe the weather when it is getting worse?
(5) What words describe things that happen at the same time?
(5) What words describe things that have been organized?
(5) What words describe things that have been scattered?
(5) What words describe where a fish lives?
(5) What words describe whether or not a book should be considered a part of the sacred writings?
(5) What words described something that has been knitted?
(5) What words do you use when talking to your mother?
(5) What words express a comparative degree?
(5) What words indicate an approximate number when the actual number is possibly less?
(5) What words indicate how often something happens?
(5) What words indicate that a piece of clothing looks good on someone?
(5) What words indicate that many bad things are happening?
(5) What words indicate that one thing makes something else impossible?
(5) What words indicate that some state has begun?
(5) What words indicate that someone almost does something?
(5) What words indicate that something bad will probably happen?
(5) What words indicate that something happens early in the morning?
(5) What words indicate that something happens less or is done less?
(5) What words indicate that something happens or is done for the first time?
(5) What words indicate that something happens or is done in a similar way?
(5) What words indicate that something happens or is done one time?
(5) What words indicate that something is a particular amount, but not much more?
(5) What words indicate that something is certain to happen and nothing can be done to stop it?
(5) What words indicate that something is done in an ugly way?
(5) What words indicate that something is done in groups of a certain number?
(5) What words indicate that something is done or made for a particular purpose?
(5) What words indicate that something is next to the last?
(5) What words indicate that something is true of one person or thing, but not true of another?
(5) What words indicate that there are a particular number of something?
(5) What words indicate that two people are in front of each other?
(5) What words indicate that two things are going in different directions?
(5) What words indicate that you don't care, because you will be happy no matter what happens?
(5) What words indicate that, because something seems to be a certain way, you think something is true?
(5) What words mark a digression?
(5) What words refer to a bend in something?
(5) What words refer to a brother or sister of one of your grandparents?
(5) What words refer to a continuous sound?
(5) What words refer to a decrease in number or amount?
(5) What words refer to a doctor who makes glasses?
(5) What words refer to a drinking establishment?
(5) What words refer to a feeling?
(5) What words refer to a fight that neither side can win?
(5) What words refer to a fingernail or toenail?
(5) What words refer to a gesture expressing agreement?
(5) What words refer to a group of believers in a particular place?
(5) What words refer to a group of people who have a relationship?
(5) What words refer to a group of people who work together?
(5) What words refer to a group of plants?
(5) What words refer to a group of students in a school?
(5) What words refer to a group of things that are moved together?
(5) What words refer to a group of things that have been tied up?
(5) What words refer to a group of trees?
(5) What words refer to a joint between two bones?
(5) What words refer to a judge ending a marriage?
(5) What words refer to a kidney stone?
(5) What words refer to a meal eaten outside?
(5) What words refer to a part of a poem?
(5) What words refer to a part of a river that is steep?
(5) What words refer to a part of the world?
(5) What words refer to a peninsula?
(5) What words refer to a person's chances of winning?
(5) What words refer to a person's physical condition?
(5) What words refer to a person's strength?
(5) What words refer to a person belonging to the same class as you?
(5) What words refer to a person in authority ignoring what is good for the people under them?
(5) What words refer to a person who boasts?
(5) What words refer to a person who can perform miracles?
(5) What words refer to a person who defends?
(5) What words refer to a person who does not think well?
(5) What words refer to a person who imagines?
(5) What words refer to a person who is admired?
(5) What words refer to a person who is not involved in a group or activity?
(5) What words refer to a person who is violent?
(5) What words refer to a person who operates a train?
(5) What words refer to a person who rebels?
(5) What words refer to a person who removes garbage?
(5) What words refer to a person who saves someone?
(5) What words refer to a person who sells land?
(5) What words refer to a person who studies or tries to protect the environment?
(5) What words refer to a person who studies something?
(5) What words refer to a person who takes drugs?
(5) What words refer to a person who uses a boat?
(5) What words refer to a person who works for only part of a day, or for the whole day?
(5) What words refer to a person who works for the telephone company?
(5) What words refer to a person whose parents are from the same race?
(5) What words refer to a piece of music meant to be played or sung by one person?
(5) What words refer to a place becoming dark?
(5) What words refer to a place that has been abandoned?
(5) What words refer to a place that is untidy?
(5) What words refer to a place where stone is dug out of the ground?
(5) What words refer to a quiet sound?
(5) What words refer to a request for forgiveness?
(5) What words refer to a season related to a time of cultivation?
(5) What words refer to a single generation?
(5) What words refer to a situation in which both people have done something bad to each other?
(5) What words refer to a situation in which someone needs something?
(5) What words refer to a small amount of food?
(5) What words refer to a small sore in the skin?
(5) What words refer to a spacecraft landing?
(5) What words refer to a special or secret language?
(5) What words refer to a storm stopping?
(5) What words refer to a surface that is sloping?
(5) What words refer to a vehicle for transporting the injured?
(5) What words refer to a very small piece?
(5) What words refer to a victory?
(5) What words refer to a visitor?
(5) What words refer to a wall around a fort?
(5) What words refer to adding air or a gas to water?
(5) What words refer to adding to what has been said?
(5) What words refer to adjusting an instrument so that it plays correctly?
(5) What words refer to administering the law?
(5) What words refer to agreeing to do something after first refusing?
(5) What words refer to all people?
(5) What words refer to all the people of the same age?
(5) What words refer to all the tools and other things you need to do a job?
(5) What words refer to allowing someone to do whatever they want?
(5) What words refer to almost falling?
(5) What words refer to an amount being the largest it has ever been?
(5) What words refer to an area becoming big?
(5) What words refer to an attack in war?
(5) What words refer to animals such as snakes, birds, and insects shedding their skin?
(5) What words refer to animals that eat certain things?
(5) What words refer to asking for something when you are desperate to get it?
(5) What words refer to asking someone to do what he promised?
(5) What words refer to bad luck?
(5) What words refer to becoming deaf?
(5) What words refer to becoming free?
(5) What words refer to becoming humble?
(5) What words refer to becoming short?
(5) What words refer to becoming tall?
(5) What words refer to becoming upset?
(5) What words refer to beginning to run?
(5) What words refer to being almost a particular age?
(5) What words refer to being back to the same situation that you were in before?
(5) What words refer to being brave enough to do something?
(5) What words refer to being healthy after being sick?
(5) What words refer to being injured by being cut?
(5) What words refer to being late to pay back a loan?
(5) What words refer to being shorter than another thing?
(5) What words refer to being very worried?
(5) What words refer to believing something that other people do not believe?
(5) What words refer to blaming someone else for something that is your fault?
(5) What words refer to blood when it dries?
(5) What words refer to breaking through a barrier?
(5) What words refer to canals used to convey water?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to be alive?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to be dazed or confused?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to do something quickly?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to enjoy himself?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel annoyed?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel ashamed?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel bad?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel confident?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel confused?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel disappointed?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel embarrassed?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel enthusiastic?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel good about himself?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel jealous?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel shocked?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to suffer?
(5) What words refer to cells?
(5) What words refer to changing how loud the music is?
(5) What words refer to changing something to make it modern?
(5) What words refer to charcoal?
(5) What words refer to chemicals?
(5) What words refer to cleaning after defecating?
(5) What words refer to comets?
(5) What words refer to comforting a baby when it is crying?
(5) What words refer to coming out from hiding?
(5) What words refer to constructing a wall?
(5) What words refer to controlling your feelings?
(5) What words refer to counting the citizens?
(5) What words refer to cutting something with a swinging motion?
(5) What words refer to defeating someone by using your intelligence?
(5) What words refer to different kinds of light?
(5) What words refer to doing something bad?
(5) What words refer to doing something in the right way?
(5) What words refer to doing things in order?
(5) What words refer to drowning?
(5) What words refer to eating fast?
(5) What words refer to escaping from a difficult situation?
(5) What words refer to escaping from a trap?
(5) What words refer to explaining something completely?
(5) What words refer to feeding someone?
(5) What words refer to feeling good for a long time?
(5) What words refer to feeling sick?
(5) What words refer to feeling something very strongly?
(5) What words refer to feeling sorry for a long time?
(5) What words refer to feeling suddenly afraid because of something that happens?
(5) What words refer to feeling very excited?
(5) What words refer to feeling very sad?
(5) What words refer to female circumcision?
(5) What words refer to finding minerals?
(5) What words refer to finding out that someone committed a crime?
(5) What words refer to finding the cause of a disease?
(5) What words refer to finding the way?
(5) What words refer to finishing something within the time that is allowed?
(5) What words refer to fixing a tooth?
(5) What words refer to flags and other symbols of government?
(5) What words refer to flatworms (phylum Platyhelminthes)?
(5) What words refer to gases changing into liquids?
(5) What words refer to getting a job?
(5) What words refer to getting out of a boat?
(5) What words refer to getting up from lying down?
(5) What words refer to giving birth to a deformed baby?
(5) What words refer to going somewhere without intending to return?
(5) What words refer to going to heaven or hell?
(5) What words refer to hair on the face?
(5) What words refer to having a disadvantage compared with other people?
(5) What words refer to having enough of something?
(5) What words refer to having too much?
(5) What words refer to hitting something with a tool?
(5) What words refer to holding something with the hand closed?
(5) What words refer to how high the land is?
(5) What words refer to how much air is in something?
(5) What words refer to how much money a country has?
(5) What words refer to hunting with dogs?
(5) What words refer to hurting someone's reputation?
(5) What words refer to increasing slowly?
(5) What words refer to increasing the value of something?
(5) What words refer to itching when the skin is irritated?
(5) What words refer to keeping the peace?
(5) What words refer to killing a baby after birth?
(5) What words refer to killing many people?
(5) What words refer to knowing about someone, whom you have not met?
(5) What words refer to knowing something thoroughly?
(5) What words refer to labor pains?
(5) What words refer to land covered by grass or bushes?
(5) What words refer to land that has a special use?
(5) What words refer to laughing for a long time?
(5) What words refer to less than half of something?
(5) What words refer to looking at many things over a period of time?
(5) What words refer to making a container big?
(5) What words refer to making a liquid thicker?
(5) What words refer to making a list?
(5) What words refer to making a mistake when you count?
(5) What words refer to making a mistake?
(5) What words refer to making a particular expression?
(5) What words refer to making a sound that continues for a long time?
(5) What words refer to making many folds in something?
(5) What words refer to making movies?
(5) What words refer to making noise when you breathe?
(5) What words refer to making someone wait?
(5) What words refer to making something decay?
(5) What words refer to making something dry?
(5) What words refer to making something full?
(5) What words refer to making something heavy?
(5) What words refer to making something high?
(5) What words refer to making something impure by adding something bad to it?
(5) What words refer to making something known?
(5) What words refer to making something level?
(5) What words refer to making something long?
(5) What words refer to making something low?
(5) What words refer to making something narrow?
(5) What words refer to making something small?
(5) What words refer to making something thick?
(5) What words refer to making water rough?
(5) What words refer to making yourself comfortable?
(5) What words refer to many people protesting in a group?
(5) What words refer to measuring someone's fever?
(5) What words refer to medicine that is injected under the skin?
(5) What words refer to migrating?
(5) What words refer to moving away from someone or something?
(5) What words refer to moving faster than the person following you?
(5) What words refer to moving nearer to someone or something?
(5) What words refer to moving onto something?
(5) What words refer to moving quickly for a short time?
(5) What words refer to moving the mouth?
(5) What words refer to moving the teeth against each other?
(5) What words refer to moving through something?
(5) What words refer to moving your legs?
(5) What words refer to no longer communicating with someone?
(5) What words refer to no place?
(5) What words refer to not approving of something?
(5) What words refer to not existing?
(5) What words refer to not having any saliva in your mouth?
(5) What words refer to not knowing what to say?
(5) What words refer to not living on after death?
(5) What words refer to not spending a lot of money?
(5) What words refer to not trusting someone?
(5) What words refer to not wanting to eat?
(5) What words refer to pain in a particular part of your body?
(5) What words refer to part of something becoming big?
(5) What words refer to plants and animals that do not exist today?
(5) What words refer to playing a musical instrument?
(5) What words refer to preventing someone from moving by getting in their way?
(5) What words refer to printing a book?
(5) What words refer to pulling something heavy?
(5) What words refer to pulling something out of something?
(5) What words refer to pushing something, but without making it move?
(5) What words refer to putting lots of water on something?
(5) What words refer to putting on or having on jewelry?
(5) What words refer to putting something in a hole and covering it up?
(5) What words refer to putting something into liquid?
(5) What words refer to putting something like food in water for a long time?
(5) What words refer to radio and television stations?
(5) What words refer to reading carefully?
(5) What words refer to rearing a child well?
(5) What words refer to refusing to change your mind?
(5) What words refer to regaining consciousness?
(5) What words refer to relying on someone to do something?
(5) What words refer to remembering things that happened in the past?
(5) What words refer to restarting a fire that has died down?
(5) What words refer to rust?
(5) What words refer to seeds and fruit being ripe?
(5) What words refer to sexual offenses within a marriage?
(5) What words refer to showing something to a lot of people?
(5) What words refer to showing that there is a connection between two things?
(5) What words refer to small sores in the skin?
(5) What words refer to snow on a mountain?
(5) What words refer to some oil on something?
(5) What words refer to someone who carries things?
(5) What words refer to someone who gives?
(5) What words refer to someone who has a relative who has died?
(5) What words refer to someone who has been set free?
(5) What words refer to someone who has learned?
(5) What words refer to someone who helps a doctor?
(5) What words refer to someone who is watching?
(5) What words refer to someone who loves?
(5) What words refer to someone who pretends to be someone else?
(5) What words refer to someone who represents their government in a foreign country?
(5) What words refer to something added to the main part?
(5) What words refer to something becoming deep?
(5) What words refer to something becoming empty?
(5) What words refer to something being more than a particular number or amount?
(5) What words refer to something being unsuitable for a particular place?
(5) What words refer to something made by mixing things together?
(5) What words refer to something making someone tired?
(5) What words refer to something put along the edge of something?
(5) What words refer to something showing that something is going to happen?
(5) What words refer to something someone does that is crazy?
(5) What words refer to something someone does that is good?
(5) What words refer to something someone says when complaining?
(5) What words refer to something that causes mental illness?
(5) What words refer to something that causes someone to dislike something?
(5) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel calm?
(5) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel disgusted?
(5) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel relaxed?
(5) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel shy?
(5) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel surprised?
(5) What words refer to something that happened before?
(5) What words refer to something that is fashionable?
(5) What words refer to something that is interesting?
(5) What words refer to something that is long and round?
(5) What words refer to something that is sung?
(5) What words refer to something that someone suggests?
(5) What words refer to something used to preserve something?
(5) What words refer to something with two parts?
(5) What words refer to something you do that shows you despise someone?
(5) What words refer to something you like more than any others?
(5) What words refer to speaking against God?
(5) What words refer to spoiling a person's reputation?
(5) What words refer to standing near something?
(5) What words refer to starting something again after it has stopped?
(5) What words refer to starting to cry?
(5) What words refer to starting to talk about a different subject?
(5) What words refer to stealing money from your job?
(5) What words refer to stop paying attention?
(5) What words refer to strategy in war?
(5) What words refer to swelling decreasing?
(5) What words refer to the ability to react quickly to something?
(5) What words refer to the ability to see?
(5) What words refer to the act of damaging something?
(5) What words refer to the act of joining things together?
(5) What words refer to the act of offering something to someone?
(5) What words refer to the act of removing something?
(5) What words refer to the action of betraying someone?
(5) What words refer to the activity of a political party?
(5) What words refer to the advice that a person gives?
(5) What words refer to the amount of something, such as fuel, that is available to be used?
(5) What words refer to the center of a target?
(5) What words refer to the clothes to be washed?
(5) What words refer to the condition of being blind?
(5) What words refer to the ears moving?
(5) What words refer to the events that happen after an event?
(5) What words refer to the eyes moving?
(5) What words refer to the government agency that delivers letters?
(5) What words refer to the government agency that is responsible for taxes?
(5) What words refer to the heart beating in a bad way?
(5) What words refer to the leaves?
(5) What words refer to the light becoming brighter?
(5) What words refer to the light of the stars?
(5) What words refer to the lights being on in a place?
(5) What words refer to the material left behind by a flood?
(5) What words refer to the money you earn?
(5) What words refer to the most important actor or actress?
(5) What words refer to the movement of gas?
(5) What words refer to the night after this one?
(5) What words refer to the part of a person that affects his behavior?
(5) What words refer to the parts of a speech?
(5) What words refer to the parts of a story?
(5) What words refer to the place where food is prepared and cooked?
(5) What words refer to the place where things come together?
(5) What words refer to the process of becoming wide?
(5) What words refer to the process of making a will?
(5) What words refer to the profession of being a religious leader?
(5) What words refer to the quality of being compatible?
(5) What words refer to the quality of being determined?
(5) What words refer to the quality of telling the truth?
(5) What words refer to the shiny appearance of something?
(5) What words refer to the side of a mountain?
(5) What words refer to the situation a person is in?
(5) What words refer to the smell of something?
(5) What words refer to the spirit of a dead person?
(5) What words refer to the state of being engaged to be married?
(5) What words refer to the study of the ground?
(5) What words refer to the symbols of the ruler?
(5) What words refer to the taste of something?
(5) What words refer to the tendons?
(5) What words refer to the time between noon and sunset?
(5) What words refer to the time it takes to answer?
(5) What words refer to the time period of old age?
(5) What words refer to the time period when a woman is pregnant?
(5) What words refer to the time when a child is initiated?
(5) What words refer to the time when a woman can no longer become pregnant?
(5) What words refer to the time when the court is in session?
(5) What words refer to the time when the sun sets?
(5) What words refer to the total?
(5) What words refer to the utensils used by one person?
(5) What words refer to the way a word should be written?
(5) What words refer to the way in which a person works?
(5) What words refer to the world of gods and spirits?
(5) What words refer to the wrong shape?
(5) What words refer to things people use to help them hear better?
(5) What words refer to thinking before making a decision?
(5) What words refer to thinking something is not as good as something else?
(5) What words refer to thinking you are better than other people?
(5) What words refer to throwing something high in the air?
(5) What words refer to time when you don't have to work?
(5) What words refer to torturing someone?
(5) What words refer to treating a wound?
(5) What words refer to trying hard to get something that you really want?
(5) What words refer to trying to get someone to notice something?
(5) What words refer to turning something so the inside is out?
(5) What words refer to two things (such as wires, roads, rivers) joining together?
(5) What words refer to using a map?
(5) What words refer to walking carefully?
(5) What words refer to water under the ground?
(5) What words refer to what is done for the baby?
(5) What words refer to what is said a second time?
(5) What words refer to when a machine is not working?
(5) What words refer to when everything is arranged?
(5) What words refer to when the moon is shining?
(5) What words refer to where the fire is?
(5) What words refer to whether a volcano is erupting or not?
(5) What words refer to working on the plumbing?
(5) Where are dances held?
(5) Where are goats kept?
(5) Where do people keep insects?
(5) Where do people play?
(5) Where do religious leaders live?
(5) Where do snakes live?
(5) Where does a carpenter work?
(5) Who are the staff of a prison?
(5) Who passes laws?
(6) complement to words of ordering (in English we use an infinitive with these words)
(6) hodiernal: today, normally with past.
(6) How do whales move?
(6) How do you order someone to stand?
(6) In English 'Containership' can be expressed by a noun phrase with the word 'contents' as the head and the 'Container' marked by 'of'.
(6) indicative: main clause mood that also appears in questions. Contrasts with subjunctive, conditional, and imperative.
(6) limited duration: action performed for a relatively short or bounded period of time.
(6) Meanings co-occurring with imperative:
(6) obligation: the agent is obliged to perform the action of the verb.
(6) reported evidence: the speaker claims to know of the situation described via verbal means, but does not specify whether it is second-hand, hearsay, or via folklore.
(6) The verb forms that occur in these sentences will be coded according to the type of sentence, and according to which clause of the sentence they occur in.
(6) What animals are in the sable family?
(6) What are poor people called?
(6) What are the internal parts of an animal?
(6) What are the occupations in hotel management?
(6) What are the parts of a bicycle?
(6) What are the parts of a bow?
(6) What are the parts of a cow?
(6) What are the parts of a fingernail?
(6) What are the parts of a joint?
(6) What are the parts of a river?
(6) What are the parts of each tool?
(6) What are the shades of green?
(6) What do comets do?
(6) What do fish do?
(6) What do people do after they wake up?
(6) What do people do to a door?
(6) What do people do to show they are mourning?
(6) What do people do to their ears?
(6) What do people do to their teeth?
(6) What do people say when someone thanks them?
(6) What do people say when they don't care what happens, because they would be happy with whatever happens?
(6) What do people say when they want someone to stop?
(6) What do these things do?
(6) What do waves do to things?
(6) What do women do while suffering birth pains?
(6) What do you say to someone when you want him to hurry?
(6) What do you say to someone when you want them to tell you the way?
(6) What do you say when you are beginning to go to sleep?
(6) What do you say when you want someone to repeat something?
(6) What equipment is used in a school?
(6) What events make up the game?
(6) What general words refer to algae?
(6) What idiophones are used of moving quickly?
(6) What instruments are used for measuring a fever?
(6) What is a court case called?
(6) What is a group of goats called?
(6) What is a group of players called?
(6) What is a group of teams called?
(6) What is a person called who jokes?
(6) What is a person called who participates in sports?
(6) What is produced by smoking tobacco?
(6) What is used to carry a body?
(6) What kinds of buildings are used by the government?
(6) What kinds of rooms are there in a religious building (church, mosque, synagogue, temple)?
(6) What kinds of special soldiers are there?
(6) What materials are used to make a floor?
(6) What means are used to raise water?
(6) What other kinds of things are commonly found in a house?
(6) What people deal with unusual states of consciousness?
(6) What pronouns are used for the subject of a sentence?
(6) What pronouns express indefinite reference of a manner?
(6) What sounds do cats make?
(6) What sounds do dogs make?
(6) What sounds do pigs make?
(6) What special words and phrases are used when talking to the ruler?
(6) What things are made?
(6) What things are used by a blind person?
(6) What things are used by a crippled person?
(6) What things are used to help people jump?
(6) What things are used to prevent someone from moving?
(6) What things are used to torture someone?
(6) What things do people use to clean themselves?
(6) What things do people use to help them walk?
(6) What tools and machines are used for moving oil and gas?
(6) What tools are used in lumbering?
(6) What tools are used to work with clay?
(6) What types of bread are there?
(6) What types of chemicals are there?
(6) What types of insects can be eaten?
(6) What types of songs are there?
(6) What types of thorns are there?
(6) What types of vines are there?
(6) What utensils are used to measure ingredients?
(6) What words are used for killing insects?
(6) What words are used for making charcoal?
(6) What words are used for the signs and markers on a road?
(6) What words are used in requests to show respect?
(6) What words are used of painting the nails?
(6) What words are used of polluting water?
(6) What words are used of removing water from something?
(6) What words are used of sleeping during the day?
(6) What words are used of the edge of a river?
(6) What words are used to describe light?
(6) What words are used to describe the condition of clothes?
(6) What words are used to refer to the numbers of a certain decimal place?
(6) What words are used to talk about language?
(6) What words are used to talk about the sounds of a language?
(6) What words describe a bad child?
(6) What words describe a complex connection between two things?
(6) What words describe a container that has been made big?
(6) What words describe a crop that is ready to harvest?
(6) What words describe a friendship?
(6) What words describe a good economy?
(6) What words describe a group of people who have a relationship?
(6) What words describe a light wind?
(6) What words describe a person who has become an adult?
(6) What words describe a person who has been sweating?
(6) What words describe a person who is sick?
(6) What words describe a person who organizes things well?
(6) What words describe a person who refuses to change his mind?
(6) What words describe a person who usually feels happy?
(6) What words describe a quick change?
(6) What words describe a rebel?
(6) What words describe a school or organization that includes males and females?
(6) What words describe a sound that is loud and low?
(6) What words describe a system of weights?
(6) What words describe a time or place that is so hot that you are uncomfortable?
(6) What words describe a time or place that is very cold?
(6) What words describe a woven pattern?
(6) What words describe fish?
(6) What words describe how plants grow?
(6) What words describe how well a person cooks?
(6) What words describe how you feel when your stomach is sick?
(6) What words describe how you look at someone if you don't trust them?
(6) What words describe plants when there is water in them?
(6) What words describe someone that is interesting?
(6) What words describe someone who can work or run for a long time?
(6) What words describe someone who cannot defend himself?
(6) What words describe someone who deceives?
(6) What words describe someone who does not spend a lot of money?
(6) What words describe someone who does what he should?
(6) What words describe someone who has been bewitched?
(6) What words describe someone who has been set free?
(6) What words describe someone who has learned?
(6) What words describe someone who imagines?
(6) What words describe someone who is admired?
(6) What words describe someone who is loved?
(6) What words describe someone who is proud?
(6) What words describe someone who is thin and strong?
(6) What words describe someone who likes to study?
(6) What words describe someone who needs something?
(6) What words describe someone who wants to have sex?
(6) What words describe something belonging to heaven or hell?
(6) What words describe something characteristic of one person?
(6) What words describe something done by mistake?
(6) What words describe something done in revenge?
(6) What words describe something made by mixing things together?
(6) What words describe something someone does that is crazy?
(6) What words describe something someone does that is good?
(6) What words describe something someone does to attract someone?
(6) What words describe something someone does to show they despise someone?
(6) What words describe something someone does when betraying someone?
(6) What words describe something that can be heard?
(6) What words describe something that can be removed?
(6) What words describe something that cannot be easily seen?
(6) What words describe something that cannot be sensed?
(6) What words describe something that causes someone to feel calm?
(6) What words describe something that causes someone to feel disgusted?
(6) What words describe something that causes someone to feel relaxed?
(6) What words describe something that causes someone to feel shy?
(6) What words describe something that causes someone to feel surprised?
(6) What words describe something that contains a little of a particular substance?
(6) What words describe something that happened before?
(6) What words describe something that has been made full?
(6) What words describe something that has been made heavy?
(6) What words describe something that has been made high?
(6) What words describe something that has been made long?
(6) What words describe something that has been made low?
(6) What words describe something that has been made wide?
(6) What words describe something that has been used and is no longer new?
(6) What words describe something that has blood on it?
(6) What words describe something that has just been discovered?
(6) What words describe something that has many folds?
(6) What words describe something that has to do with feeling?
(6) What words describe something that has to do with hearing?
(6) What words describe something that has to do with more than one country?
(6) What words describe something that is a dull color?
(6) What words describe something that is certain?
(6) What words describe something that is easily known?
(6) What words describe something that is not balanced?
(6) What words describe something that is not shiny?
(6) What words describe something that is on the edge?
(6) What words describe something that is poisonous?
(6) What words describe something that is the same in all its parts?
(6) What words describe something that is thin and weak?
(6) What words describe something that is untidy?
(6) What words describe something that makes metal rust?
(6) What words describe something that makes someone tired?
(6) What words describe something that makes you healthy?
(6) What words describe something that people dislike?
(6) What words describe something to do with birth?
(6) What words describe something to do with men?
(6) What words describe something to do with the female organs?
(6) What words describe something to do with women?
(6) What words describe the brightness of the stars?
(6) What words describe the weather when it changes?
(6) What words describe things or people that are incompatible?
(6) What words describe things that have been joined?
(6) What words describe things that have been tied?
(6) What words describe types of hair?
(6) What words describe when it rains a lot?
(6) What words describe where the moon is shining?
(6) What words do people use to begin a saying?
(6) What words express a superlative degree?
(6) What words indicate that a particular number is the total?
(6) What words indicate that although one person or thing is similar to another, there is a difference between them?
(6) What words indicate that everyone is to get a certain number of something?
(6) What words indicate that many people are doing something?
(6) What words indicate that someone or something is not what it seems to be?
(6) What words indicate that someone or something will probably be successful?
(6) What words indicate that something almost happens?
(6) What words indicate that something bad did not happen as a result of luck?
(6) What words indicate that something gives someone a disadvantage?
(6) What words indicate that something happens during the night?
(6) What words indicate that something happens late at night?
(6) What words indicate that something is a member of a group?
(6) What words indicate that something is a particular size or amount?
(6) What words indicate that something is done in a beautiful way?
(6) What words indicate that something is done in exactly the right way?
(6) What words indicate that something is impossible?
(6) What words indicate that something is the last before now?
(6) What words indicate that something looks good with another thing?
(6) What words indicate that something must happen or cannot happen because of the situation?
(6) What words indicate that something smells like another thing or smells a particular way?
(6) What words indicate that something tastes like another thing or tastes a particular way?
(6) What words indicate that something will happen no earlier than a particular time?
(6) What words indicate that there are many more of something?
(6) What words indicate that you used to care, but don't anymore because you are hurt or angry?
(6) What words refer to a book that is revered but not considered part of the sacred writings?
(6) What words refer to a building falling down?
(6) What words refer to a compass?
(6) What words refer to a container like a bag, bottle, or bubble breaking because there was too much inside?
(6) What words refer to a coward?
(6) What words refer to a disease spreading to other people?
(6) What words refer to a dosage of drugs?
(6) What words refer to a fire burning something?
(6) What words refer to a fire started by accident?
(6) What words refer to a layer of something?
(6) What words refer to a light starting to work?
(6) What words refer to a machine used to record and play back music?
(6) What words refer to a mild pain?
(6) What words refer to a new word?
(6) What words refer to a period of time when you have to wait?
(6) What words refer to a person's job?
(6) What words refer to a person's responsibility to obey the law?
(6) What words refer to a person or company who makes recordings?
(6) What words refer to a person or group that attacks?
(6) What words refer to a person who belongs to your group?
(6) What words refer to a person who investigates a crime?
(6) What words refer to a person who is good at hitting a target?
(6) What words refer to a person who is weak?
(6) What words refer to a person who likes something?
(6) What words refer to a person who makes movies?
(6) What words refer to a person who mines?
(6) What words refer to a person who often criticizes other people?
(6) What words refer to a person who plays a musical instrument?
(6) What words refer to a person who studies mathematics?
(6) What words refer to a person who takes a job or position after someone else?
(6) What words refer to a person who works with a particular material or animal?
(6) What words refer to a person whose job is to stop fires?
(6) What words refer to a piece of music meant to be played or sung by two, three, or more people?
(6) What words refer to a piece of rock?
(6) What words refer to a place where people work with metal?
(6) What words refer to a place where you are safe?
(6) What words refer to a quality becoming less?
(6) What words refer to a series of thoughts?
(6) What words refer to a ship hitting the land?
(6) What words refer to a sign that shows that something is true?
(6) What words refer to a small piece that is left after something has been broken?
(6) What words refer to a steep place on a mountain?
(6) What words refer to a strong feeling?
(6) What words refer to a sudden sound?
(6) What words refer to a vehicle used to remove garbage?
(6) What words refer to abandoning someone?
(6) What words refer to acting against God?
(6) What words refer to all the actors?
(6) What words refer to all times?
(6) What words refer to allowing someone to not do what he promised?
(6) What words refer to almost crying?
(6) What words refer to an amount being the smallest it has ever been?
(6) What words refer to an army moving?
(6) What words refer to an easy victory?
(6) What words refer to an effort to make up for doing wrong?
(6) What words refer to an event when something is shown?
(6) What words refer to animals growing fur, feathers, or new skin?
(6) What words refer to becoming mature?
(6) What words refer to becoming more determined?
(6) What words refer to becoming thicker?
(6) What words refer to beginning to believe in a religion or changing from one religion to another?
(6) What words refer to being injured by being hit?
(6) What words refer to being lighter than another thing?
(6) What words refer to being thicker than another thing?
(6) What words refer to being too old to do something?
(6) What words refer to being worried all the time?
(6) What words refer to believing something that is not true?
(6) What words refer to breathing quickly?
(6) What words refer to breeding animals?
(6) What words refer to bringing a dead person back to life?
(6) What words refer to carrying a baby?
(6) What words refer to causing a person to regain consciousness?
(6) What words refer to causing someone to feel excited?
(6) What words refer to causing someone to feel good?
(6) What words refer to causing someone to feel nervous?
(6) What words refer to causing someone to feel uninterested?
(6) What words refer to causing someone to feel upset?
(6) What words refer to causing someone to feeling sorry?
(6) What words refer to causing someone to lie down?
(6) What words refer to causing someone to sit?
(6) What words refer to causing something to increase?
(6) What words refer to changing your thinking so that you agree with someone else?
(6) What words refer to climbing over something?
(6) What words refer to completely spoiling something?
(6) What words refer to constructing a roof?
(6) What words refer to controlling your eating?
(6) What words refer to coughing?
(6) What words refer to cutting something with a particular tool?
(6) What words refer to darkness?
(6) What words refer to decreasing the value of something?
(6) What words refer to determining the approximate number of amount of something?
(6) What words refer to discovering or stating the name of someone whose name has not been known?
(6) What words refer to dry dirt?
(6) What words refer to dying when you are still young?
(6) What words refer to eating a meal?
(6) What words refer to eating more than your share?
(6) What words refer to escaping with something you have stolen?
(6) What words refer to falling off of something?
(6) What words refer to false teeth?
(6) What words refer to feeling afraid for a long time?
(6) What words refer to feeling angry for a long time?
(6) What words refer to feeling good enough to do something?
(6) What words refer to feeling lonely because someone you love is not there?
(6) What words refer to feeling sad for a long time?
(6) What words refer to finding out how old something is?
(6) What words refer to freeing someone?
(6) What words refer to frost (frozen dew)?
(6) What words refer to giving a list?
(6) What words refer to giving medicine?
(6) What words refer to giving something a name?
(6) What words refer to having a bad reputation?
(6) What words refer to having enough of something to do what you want?
(6) What words refer to having no clear shape?
(6) What words refer to hitting two things together?
(6) What words refer to how much something is leaning or sloping?
(6) What words refer to how short something is?
(6) What words refer to keeping a fire from going out, such as covering a fire with ashes to keep it from going out during the night?
(6) What words refer to knowing or learning how to give a good speech?
(6) What words refer to land where many plants grow?
(6) What words refer to laughing at someone because they did something wrong?
(6) What words refer to liquids changing into gases?
(6) What words refer to making a quiet sound?
(6) What words refer to making an area big?
(6) What words refer to making many bends in something?
(6) What words refer to making something big?
(6) What words refer to making something deep?
(6) What words refer to making something empty?
(6) What words refer to making something shorter?
(6) What words refer to making something tall?
(6) What words refer to marrying again after being widowed or divorced?
(6) What words refer to more than one thing moving around in a place?
(6) What words refer to moving across something, such as a river, road, mountain range, or some other dividing line?
(6) What words refer to moving away from a person or vehicle behind you?
(6) What words refer to moving faster than the person you are following?
(6) What words refer to moving into a higher social class?
(6) What words refer to moving nearer to a person or vehicle in front of you?
(6) What words refer to moving your torso?
(6) What words refer to not feeling comfortable?
(6) What words refer to not feeling jealous?
(6) What words refer to not having an answer or not knowing what to answer?
(6) What words refer to not paying attention?
(6) What words refer to not rearing a child well?
(6) What words refer to one person causing another to be humble?
(6) What words refer to partial or total mental disability?
(6) What words refer to performing a wedding ceremony?
(6) What words refer to permission to do something?
(6) What words refer to playing a game?
(6) What words refer to preparing the table for eating?
(6) What words refer to problems with making a telephone call?
(6) What words refer to pulling something along the ground?
(6) What words refer to pus?
(6) What words refer to pushing something heavy?
(6) What words refer to pushing something out of something?
(6) What words refer to putting oil on something?
(6) What words refer to putting someone in the hospital?
(6) What words refer to putting something into liquid for a short time?
(6) What words refer to putting water on something accidentally?
(6) What words refer to reacting in a good way?
(6) What words refer to releasing something?
(6) What words refer to removing water from something?
(6) What words refer to roundworms (phylum Nematoda)?
(6) What words refer to running faster?
(6) What words refer to saying that someone is not to blame for something?
(6) What words refer to sex with a person you are not married to?
(6) What words refer to shearing a sheep?
(6) What words refer to smiling?
(6) What words refer to someone's disapproval?
(6) What words refer to someone being unsuitable for a particular place?
(6) What words refer to someone causing a fight?
(6) What words refer to someone who earns money?
(6) What words refer to someone who give emergency treatment to someone who has been injured?
(6) What words refer to someone who gives advice?
(6) What words refer to someone who is bad-tempered?
(6) What words refer to someone who is fat?
(6) What words refer to someone who is liked more than others?
(6) What words refer to someone who makes a will?
(6) What words refer to someone who sees something?
(6) What words refer to someone you love?
(6) What words refer to something bad that has been adding to something?
(6) What words refer to something becoming old fashioned?
(6) What words refer to something being like another thing in some way?
(6) What words refer to something falling or sinking into water?
(6) What words refer to something happening more often?
(6) What words refer to something showing what will happen in the future?
(6) What words refer to something someone does in order to force someone to do something?
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to enjoys something?
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel annoyed?
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel ashamed?
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel bad?
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel confident?
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel confused?
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel disappointed?
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel embarrassed?
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel enthusiastic?
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel good about himself?
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel shocked?
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to suffer?
(6) What words refer to something that connects two things?
(6) What words refer to something that has been added?
(6) What words refer to something that has been destroyed?
(6) What words refer to something that is carried?
(6) What words refer to something that is fashionable for a short time?
(6) What words refer to something that is given?
(6) What words refer to something that is made or done to remind people of the person who died?
(6) What words refer to something that someone complains about?
(6) What words refer to something used for two things?
(6) What words refer to speaking too long?
(6) What words refer to starting a machine?
(6) What words refer to stealing a vehicle?
(6) What words refer to stirring something?
(6) What words refer to sunset?
(6) What words refer to supernatural beings that are considered to be mythological or fictional and not real?
(6) What words refer to swallowing?
(6) What words refer to taking an examination again?
(6) What words refer to taking something away and putting it aside, separate from the others?
(6) What words refer to talking about the subject you are supposed to be talking about?
(6) What words refer to talking to someone in order to discover how you are related to them?
(6) What words refer to the ability to think well?
(6) What words refer to the action of restraining a prisoner?
(6) What words refer to the amount of medicine that a sick person needs?
(6) What words refer to the color of a person's skin?
(6) What words refer to the condition of being deaf?
(6) What words refer to the damage done to something?
(6) What words refer to the defeat of an enemy?
(6) What words refer to the difference between two things?
(6) What words refer to the edge of the sky where it meets the ground?
(6) What words refer to the eyelids moving?
(6) What words refer to the features of a poem?
(6) What words refer to the feeling that you cannot trust someone?
(6) What words refer to the first time someone does something?
(6) What words refer to the glands?
(6) What words refer to the heartbeat?
(6) What words refer to the killing of many people?
(6) What words refer to the leader of a group of animals?
(6) What words refer to the legal process of divorcing your wife or husband?
(6) What words refer to the making of glasses?
(6) What words refer to the nose moving?
(6) What words refer to the number of citizens in a country or area?
(6) What words refer to the number or amount of something that is counted?
(6) What words refer to the number zero?
(6) What words refer to the official document that shows who owns the land?
(6) What words refer to the particular order in which something comes?
(6) What words refer to the parts of a situation?
(6) What words refer to the people who are engaged to be married?
(6) What words refer to the person visited?
(6) What words refer to the place where two things (such as wires, roads, rivers) join together?
(6) What words refer to the process of becoming narrow?
(6) What words refer to the process of becoming small?
(6) What words refer to the process of decay?
(6) What words refer to the process of growing?
(6) What words refer to the process of preserving something?
(6) What words refer to the quality of being bad?
(6) What words refer to the quality of being proper?
(6) What words refer to the quality of being ugly?
(6) What words refer to the sound made when spitting?
(6) What words refer to the state of being a parent?
(6) What words refer to the study of life?
(6) What words refer to the study of plants?
(6) What words refer to the study of the world?
(6) What words refer to the study of water?
(6) What words refer to the surface of the earth?
(6) What words refer to the symbols on a map?
(6) What words refer to the things a person remembers?
(6) What words refer to the time when a book is published?
(6) What words refer to things place around a fort to keep enemies away?
(6) What words refer to things used to change the color of something?
(6) What words refer to throwing something so that it turns over and over?
(6) What words refer to traveling to another country?
(6) What words refer to treating a broken bone?
(6) What words refer to trying hard to do something for someone?
(6) What words refer to trying to get someone to not notice something?
(6) What words refer to trying to reach a goal?
(6) What words refer to two people that lived at the same time?
(6) What words refer to using the wind to winnow grain?
(6) What words refer to violent behavior?
(6) What words refer to walking quietly or secretly?
(6) What words refer to watching something for a long time, but not watching it all the time?
(6) What words refer to water flowing through something and dissolving something in it?
(6) What words refer to what a baby does?
(6) What words refer to what is known about a topic?
(6) What words refer to what is offered?
(6) What words refer to what is said when a person pleads?
(6) What words refer to what you say when you explain something?
(6) What words refer to when many people protest in a group?
(6) What words refer to when the sun is shining?
(6) What words refer to whether or not an animal can be eaten?
(6) What words refer to wood after it has been burning?
(6) What words refer to yawning?
(6) What words refers to all religious leaders?
(6) Where are dogs kept?
(6) Where are horses kept?
(6) Where do birds lay their eggs?
(6) Where do fish live (other than water, lake, and ocean)?
(6) Where is food served?
(7) complement to words of wanting (again in English these are done with infinitives)
(7) Example: the English 'had' + past participle would be coded as:
(7) How do birds move?
(7) How do cattle eat?
(7) In English 'Containership' can be expressed by a possession phrase with the 'Container' in the first position and the word 'contents' in the second position.
(7) iterative: the action is repeated on one occasion; usually restricted to dynamic words, often further restricted to semelfactive words.
(7) obligation, strong: it is absolutely incumbent upon the agent to complete the action of the main verb: 'I have to mail this letter today'.
(7) polite: a mild or polite form of command.
(7) pre-hodiernal: before today.
(7) second-hand evidence: the speaker claims to have heard of the situation described from someone who was a direct witness.
(7) What affect do drugs have on people?
(7) What animals are in the civet cat family?
(7) What are the names of particular diseases?
(7) What are the names of specific chemicals?
(7) What are the occupations in administration?
(7) What are the parts of a wheel?
(7) What are the parts of sea mammals?
(7) What are the parts of the throat?
(7) What are the shades of blue?
(7) What causes someone to be in an unusual state of consciousness?
(7) What containers are used to hold water?
(7) What do insects do?
(7) What do people do to their ears so they won't hear something?
(7) What do people do to their eyes?
(7) What do people do to their nose?
(7) What do people do with snow?
(7) What do people do with waves?
(7) What do people say at the beginning of a meal?
(7) What do people say when they ask for forgiveness?
(7) What do robbers do in order to steal things?
(7) What do you say when you are surprised?
(7) What does dust do?
(7) What does pus do?
(7) What does tobacco contain?
(7) What equipment is used to play the game?
(7) What equipment is used to ride or harness a horse?
(7) What equipment is used to stop a fire?
(7) What foods are made primarily from fruit?
(7) What general words refer to changing the shape of something?
(7) What instruments are used to do mathematics?
(7) What instruments are used to measure something?
(7) What is a group of eggs called?
(7) What is a group of players called?
(7) What is a group of teams called?
(7) What is a person called who takes care of goats?
(7) What is a single drop of rain?
(7) What is left behind by a fire?
(7) What is the leader of a team called?
(7) What is the meat of a pig called?
(7) What kinds of buildings are used by the police?
(7) What materials are used to make doors and windows?
(7) What means are used to restrain prisoners?
(7) What other words refer to a part of something?
(7) What pronouns are used for the object of a sentence?
(7) What pronouns express indefinite reference of an amount?
(7) What sound does something make when it falls into water?
(7) What sounds do cats make?
(7) What sounds do sheep make?
(7) What sounds do things make when they break?
(7) What species of algae are there?
(7) What things are used by a deaf person?
(7) What things are used for babies?
(7) What things are used to carry a baby?
(7) What things are used to make movies?
(7) What tools and machines are used in mining?
(7) What tools and machines are used to create or use the wind?
(7) What tools and machines are used to mix things?
(7) What tools are used to remove water from things?
(7) What tools are used?
(7) What types of reeds are there?
(7) What types of swords are there?
(7) What utensils are used to handle hot pans?
(7) What words are used for killing fish?
(7) What words are used for making a road?
(7) What words are used in apologies to show respect?
(7) What words are used of joking?
(7) What words are used of someone causing someone to go to sleep?
(7) What words are used to describe the condition of the nails?
(7) What words are used to indicate a person's name?
(7) What words are used to indicate that something happens every night?
(7) What words are used to refer to groups of a certain decimal place?
(7) What words describe a bad economy?
(7) What words describe a color that does not change?
(7) What words describe a friendship that has gone bad?
(7) What words describe a group of things that have not been put in order?
(7) What words describe a person who feels good while doing something?
(7) What words describe a person who pleads?
(7) What words describe a revolution?
(7) What words describe a school or organization that includes only males or females?
(7) What words describe a slow change?
(7) What words describe a society that is not divided into classes?
(7) What words describe a speaker who talks for a long time?
(7) What words describe a surface that is higher than the area around it?
(7) What words describe a surface that is lower than the area around it?
(7) What words describe a surface that is not level?
(7) What words describe a time that comes before another one?
(7) What words describe a time when a person feels sad?
(7) What words describe a wind that is cold?
(7) What words describe a windstorm?
(7) What words describe an area that has been made big?
(7) What words describe an experience or feeling that you have never had before?
(7) What words describe food that is old?
(7) What words describe food that makes you healthy?
(7) What words describe how much you spend?
(7) What words describe how steep a mountain is?
(7) What words describe how thoroughly something has been cooked?
(7) What words describe how you look at a woman if you are sexually attracted to her?
(7) What words describe not being asleep?
(7) What words describe someone that people dislike?
(7) What words describe someone who can sense things better than other people?
(7) What words describe someone who cannot be trusted?
(7) What words describe someone who has strong emotions?
(7) What words describe someone who is against God?
(7) What words describe someone who is being prevented from moving?
(7) What words describe someone who is despised?
(7) What words describe someone who is not violent?
(7) What words describe someone who is often sick?
(7) What words describe someone who likes something?
(7) What words describe someone who likes to listen to music?
(7) What words describe someone who often criticizes other people?
(7) What words describe something done in protest?
(7) What words describe something having to do with your parents?
(7) What words describe something like or related to a supernatural being?
(7) What words describe something near water?
(7) What words describe something someone says when complaining?
(7) What words describe something that can be carried?
(7) What words describe something that can be folded?
(7) What words describe something that cannot be heard?
(7) What words describe something that cannot be removed?
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel annoyed?
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel ashamed?
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel confident?
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel confused?
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel disappointed?
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel embarrassed?
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel enthusiastic?
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel good about himself?
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel good?
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel shocked?
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to suffer?
(7) What words describe something that has been destroyed?
(7) What words describe something that has been made empty?
(7) What words describe something that has been made narrow?
(7) What words describe something that has been made short?
(7) What words describe something that has been made small?
(7) What words describe something that has been made tall?
(7) What words describe something that has many bends?
(7) What words describe something that has never happened before?
(7) What words describe something that has to do with adults rather than children?
(7) What words describe something that is added?
(7) What words describe something that is interesting?
(7) What words describe something that is not easily known?
(7) What words describe something that links two things?
(7) What words describe something that makes you feel uncomfortable?
(7) What words describe something that many people are doing?
(7) What words describe something that people enjoy doing?
(7) What words describe something that someone does not approve of?
(7) What words describe something that tastes good?
(7) What words describe something that you can't stop doing?
(7) What words describe something to do with the teeth?
(7) What words describe something you do or use to defend yourself?
(7) What words describe something, such as a photograph, that has been made with color?
(7) What words describe the appearance of the stars?
(7) What words describe the color of a person's skin?
(7) What words describe the color of hair?
(7) What words describe the smell of sweat?
(7) What words describe the sound made by a musical instrument?
(7) What words describe the sounds of music?
(7) What words describe the weather when it stays the same?
(7) What words describe when or where the moon doesn't shine?
(7) What words do people use to indicate the last thing in a list of things they are talking about?
(7) What words indicate how light something is?
(7) What words indicate how short something is?
(7) What words indicate that a drama has a particular actor in it?
(7) What words indicate that someone will probably do something bad?
(7) What words indicate that something could happen, but something else prevented it from happening?
(7) What words indicate that something happens or someone does something less than before?
(7) What words indicate that something is almost the best or worst example of some quality?
(7) What words indicate that something is certainly not true?
(7) What words indicate that something is two times the amount of something else?
(7) What words indicate that the number of a group of things reaches a particular total?
(7) What words indicate that there is no connection between two things?
(7) What words indicate that you don't care about someone else's problem?
(7) What words refer to a bad child?
(7) What words refer to a bad pain?
(7) What words refer to a book or film that comes after another one?
(7) What words refer to a container being bigger than another container?
(7) What words refer to a cut?
(7) What words refer to a difficult victory?
(7) What words refer to a disease going away?
(7) What words refer to a doctor who treats animals?
(7) What words refer to a fire started on purpose?
(7) What words refer to a group of people who give advice?
(7) What words refer to a lot of blood?
(7) What words refer to a loud sound?
(7) What words refer to a mentally ill person?
(7) What words refer to a part of a song?
(7) What words refer to a part of something that has been made by dividing it in some way?
(7) What words refer to a person's rights under the law?
(7) What words refer to a person who believes?
(7) What words refer to a person who betrays someone?
(7) What words refer to a person who commits adultery?
(7) What words refer to a person who damages things?
(7) What words refer to a person who deals with loss of consciousness?
(7) What words refer to a person who does not belong to your group?
(7) What words refer to a person who fights on your side?
(7) What words refer to a person who helps with the negotiations?
(7) What words refer to a person who is not a soldier?
(7) What words refer to a person who is traveling?
(7) What words refer to a person who leaves garbage in a public place?
(7) What words refer to a person who thinks well?
(7) What words refer to a person who treats bad teeth?
(7) What words refer to a piece of metal?
(7) What words refer to a place on something where it is decaying?
(7) What words refer to a plant dying?
(7) What words refer to a quality a person has that makes them attractive?
(7) What words refer to a race?
(7) What words refer to a river when it has no water?
(7) What words refer to a sick person in a hospital?
(7) What words refer to a small amount of money?
(7) What words refer to a visitor who stays for a long time but doesn't pay or help with the work?
(7) What words refer to all places?
(7) What words refer to always watching to see if anything bad happens?
(7) What words refer to an official document that gives someone permission to do something?
(7) What words refer to an old word?
(7) What words refer to assigning a number to each thing in a series?
(7) What words refer to attending school?
(7) What words refer to becoming angry?
(7) What words refer to becoming cowardly?
(7) What words refer to becoming good?
(7) What words refer to becoming quieter?
(7) What words refer to beginning to feel like you are crazy?
(7) What words refer to beginning to laugh?
(7) What words refer to behaving in a proud way toward other people?
(7) What words refer to being a part of something?
(7) What words refer to being able to work or run for a long time?
(7) What words refer to being deeper than another thing?
(7) What words refer to being heavier than another thing?
(7) What words refer to being injured by being burned?
(7) What words refer to being longer than another thing?
(7) What words refer to being too humble?
(7) What words refer to being wider than another thing?
(7) What words refer to being worried when there is nothing to worry about?
(7) What words refer to breathing quickly or with difficulty because of running or working hard?
(7) What words refer to burning a body?
(7) What words refer to causing someone to feel afraid?
(7) What words refer to controlling your desire to drink alcohol?
(7) What words refer to crying because something gets in your eyes?
(7) What words refer to doing something in order to try to do something else?
(7) What words refer to doing something with someone you love?
(7) What words refer to dying to save someone?
(7) What words refer to eating two things together?
(7) What words refer to estimating a number to the nearest ten, hundred, thousand, etc?
(7) What words refer to feeling hot?
(7) What words refer to feeling like you are going to fall?
(7) What words refer to filling something again after it has been emptied?
(7) What words refer to followers of a religion who are not leaders?
(7) What words refer to giving someone poison?
(7) What words refer to giving something to someone in your will?
(7) What words refer to having more than enough, but not too much?
(7) What words refer to helping someone escape?
(7) What words refer to honey and other insect products that can be eaten?
(7) What words refer to how much weight something can support without breaking or falling?
(7) What words refer to how thick or thin a liquid is?
(7) What words refer to how thick something is?
(7) What words refer to how well something can be seen?
(7) What words refer to increasing something by adding to it?
(7) What words refer to judging wrongly?
(7) What words refer to keeping someone alive?
(7) What words refer to killing yourself?
(7) What words refer to land where very few plants grow?
(7) What words refer to leaving your husband or wife?
(7) What words refer to liquid fuel?
(7) What words refer to listening to the heart beating?
(7) What words refer to making a fort?
(7) What words refer to making a light start working?
(7) What words refer to making all the things in a group the same?
(7) What words refer to making someone pay attention to you?
(7) What words refer to making someone weaker?
(7) What words refer to making something old fashioned by doing the same thing a new way?
(7) What words refer to making something ugly?
(7) What words refer to marrying more than one person?
(7) What words refer to meteors?
(7) What words refer to mistaking one thing or person for another?
(7) What words refer to moving slower than the person you are following?
(7) What words refer to moving your muscles?
(7) What words refer to muscles cramping from pain?
(7) What words refer to no person?
(7) What words refer to not being shy?
(7) What words refer to not finishing something within the time that is allowed?
(7) What words refer to not thanking someone?
(7) What words refer to people being incompatible?
(7) What words refer to people blaming each other for something?
(7) What words refer to persevering in a task?
(7) What words refer to protecting someone from sorcery?
(7) What words refer to pulling something with a rope or chain?
(7) What words refer to pushing something along the ground?
(7) What words refer to putting water into something?
(7) What words refer to reaching a goal?
(7) What words refer to rearing a child who is not your own?
(7) What words refer to refusing to wait patiently and going ahead of other people instead?
(7) What words refer to remaining calm in a difficult situation?
(7) What words refer to remembering to do something?
(7) What words refer to repairing a building?
(7) What words refer to rotifers (phylum Rotifera)?
(7) What words refer to sleeping someplace unusual, for instance in someone else's house, or outside?
(7) What words refer to smelling good?
(7) What words refer to someone becoming fat?
(7) What words refer to someone who forces people to do things?
(7) What words refer to someone who has been abandoned?
(7) What words refer to someone who is fighting?
(7) What words refer to someone who is thin?
(7) What words refer to someone who spoils people's enjoyment of an event?
(7) What words refer to someone you love?
(7) What words refer to something becoming thin?
(7) What words refer to something becoming wet?
(7) What words refer to something burning partly?
(7) What words refer to something in the sky?
(7) What words refer to something looking like another thing?
(7) What words refer to something made by joining things together?
(7) What words refer to something making your stomach feel sick?
(7) What words refer to something needing something done to it?
(7) What words refer to something someone does that is bad?
(7) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel excited?
(7) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel nervous?
(7) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel sorry?
(7) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel uninterested?
(7) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel upset?
(7) What words refer to something that is given to poor people?
(7) What words refer to something that is seen?
(7) What words refer to something that seems unlucky but turns out to be good?
(7) What words refer to something that shows or tells a secret?
(7) What words refer to something that someone imagines?
(7) What words refer to something used to increase sexual pleasure?
(7) What words refer to something you do again?
(7) What words refer to squatting?
(7) What words refer to starting to smile?
(7) What words refer to starting to talk about something else instead of what you are supposed to be talking about?
(7) What words refer to staying far from something?
(7) What words refer to staying near something?
(7) What words refer to stopping a machine?
(7) What words refer to striking someone in order to cause injury?
(7) What words refer to studying the citizens?
(7) What words refer to surgery?
(7) What words refer to taking back an offer?
(7) What words refer to taking medicine?
(7) What words refer to taking something out of a fire?
(7) What words refer to the act of falling?
(7) What words refer to the advantages and disadvantages of something?
(7) What words refer to the amount of a problem such as crime or damage?
(7) What words refer to the business of making fashionable things?
(7) What words refer to the condition of being tired?
(7) What words refer to the corner of something?
(7) What words refer to the entire process of producing a baby?
(7) What words refer to the followers in a group of animals?
(7) What words refer to the interpretation of sacred writings?
(7) What words refer to the money a person receives for his work?
(7) What words refer to the outside of a plant?
(7) What words refer to the part from the father and the part from the mother that make a baby?
(7) What words refer to the people who play games?
(7) What words refer to the person or place that is attacked?
(7) What words refer to the person who defeats the enemy?
(7) What words refer to the person who performs a wedding ceremony?
(7) What words refer to the pitch of a sound?
(7) What words refer to the place where a person lies?
(7) What words refer to the places a ship can go?
(7) What words refer to the process of becoming big?
(7) What words refer to the quality of being beautiful?
(7) What words refer to the relationship between the size of the map and the size of the real land?
(7) What words refer to the sounds made by popping the knuckles?
(7) What words refer to the study of living things?
(7) What words refer to the sun or moon  moving up in the sky?
(7) What words refer to the sun shining through the clouds?
(7) What words refer to the temperature at which things change?
(7) What words refer to the time between sunset and when you go to sleep?
(7) What words refer to the time in a woman's life when she stops menstruating?
(7) What words refer to the time of harvest?
(7) What words refer to the way something feels?
(7) What words refer to things that are scattered around a place and make it look untidy?
(7) What words refer to thinking about something again?
(7) What words refer to throwing things at someone?
(7) What words refer to two people compromising?
(7) What words refer to tying something tightly?
(7) What words refer to unfairly favoring one person over another?
(7) What words refer to vomiting?
(7) What words refer to walking on your toes?
(7) What words refer to what is learned?
(7) What words refer to what is not known about a topic?
(7) What words refer to what is shown?
(7) What words refer to what you think or feel because of what someone or something seems?
(7) What words refer to when a person wants to speak but hesitates?
(7) What words refer to when a ruler begins to rule?
(7) What words refer to when an old person can no longer work?
(7) What words refer to when everything is organized?
(7) What words refer to where an animal lives?
(7) What words refer to whether a plant or animal can be eaten?
(7) What words refer to whether or not a man is married?
(7) What words refer to whether or not a woman is married?
(7) What words refer to winding something around another thing?
(7) Where do insects live?
(7) Where does a potter work?
(8) complement to words of emotion (surprise, regret, happiness, sadness, etc.; the complement proposition is presupposed to be true)
(8) delayed: the action of the command is to be carried out in the future rather than immediately.
(8) evidence from hearsay: the speaker claims to have heard about the situation described, but not from a direct witness.
(8) frequentative: action occurs frequently, not necessarily habitually, nor necessarily on one occasion, as is the iterative.
(8) How do baby birds get out of their egg?
(8) How do people show that they feel cowardly?
(8) How do snakes move?
(8) If your father has more than one wife, what do you call his other wives?
(8) meaning label:  protasis
(8) obligation, weak: it is recommended that the agent complete the action of the main verb: 'Harry ought to get a haircut before meeting Sue's mother'.
(8) post-crastinal: after tomorrow.
(8) What are the occupations in manufacturing?
(8) What are the parts of a sword?
(8) What are the parts of the nervous system?
(8) What are the shades of purple?
(8) What causes someone to lose consciousness?
(8) What containers are used to cook food?
(8) What containers are used to hold liquid fuels?
(8) What do meteors do?
(8) What do people call someone that they love?
(8) What do people do to show they feel ashamed?
(8) What do people do when they are protesting against something?
(8) What do people do when they are tired?
(8) What do people do with their tongue?
(8) What do people make with snow?
(8) What do people say when they hope someone will be lucky?
(8) What do people say when they want something?
(8) What do the ears produce?
(8) What do the eyes produce?
(8) What do you call a man when you talk to him?
(8) What do you call a woman when you talk to her?
(8) What expressions do people use when they are offering something?
(8) What expressions do people use when they don't care?
(8) What foods are made primarily from vegetables?
(8) What general words refer to fungi?
(8) What is a drop of sweat called?
(8) What is a group of teams called?
(8) What is the inside of a plant called?
(8) What is the leader of a rebellion called?
(8) What is the leader of a team called?
(8) What is the staff of a team called?
(8) What kinds of buildings are used by the military?
(8) What materials are used to make a foundation?
(8) What methods are used to divine secrets?
(8) What other carnivores are there?
(8) What other tools are used to find a place?
(8) What pronouns are used in a possessive phrase?
(8) What sounds do cows make?
(8) What sounds do lions make?
(8) What sounds do waves make?
(8) What special clothes are worn at a wedding?
(8) What things are used when performing sorcery?
(8) What types of plants have flowers?
(8) What types of small animals are eaten?
(8) What words are used of escaping from prison?
(8) What words are used of killing all animals?
(8) What words are used of not being able to sleep?
(8) What words are used of the time when you go to sleep?
(8) What words are used of urinating while asleep?
(8) What words are used to describe a bad road?
(8) What words are used to describe any kind of weather?
(8) What words describe a face that shows a lot of feeling?
(8) What words describe a group of things in the wrong order?
(8) What words describe a liquid that is very fluid?
(8) What words describe a new idea or way of doing something?
(8) What words describe a person's sense of humor?
(8) What words describe a person or place that is easy to attack?
(8) What words describe a person who does not thank someone?
(8) What words describe a person who is usually calm?
(8) What words describe a person who usually feels sad?
(8) What words describe a taste or smell that people dislike?
(8) What words describe a time when something interesting is happening?
(8) What words describe an amount that cannot be counted?
(8) What words describe an organization that has existed for a long time?
(8) What words describe how a person plays music?
(8) What words describe how well a person sings?
(8) What words describe how you look at something if you are angry or unhappy about it?
(8) What words describe pain increasing?
(8) What words describe someone that other people enjoy being with?
(8) What words describe someone who betrays someone?
(8) What words describe someone who forces people to do things?
(8) What words describe someone who has hair of a particular color?
(8) What words describe someone who has traveled a lot?
(8) What words describe someone who is almost dead?
(8) What words describe someone who is not attractive?
(8) What words describe someone who is old fashioned in the way they think or act?
(8) What words describe someone who usually does not trust other people?
(8) What words describe something like a branch or road that divides into two parts?
(8) What words describe something made to be used once and then thrown away?
(8) What words describe something someone does that is bad?
(8) What words describe something that causes someone to feel excited?
(8) What words describe something that causes someone to feel nervous?
(8) What words describe something that causes someone to feel sorry?
(8) What words describe something that causes someone to feel upset?
(8) What words describe something that has been abandoned?
(8) What words describe something that has been made big?
(8) What words describe something that has been said so often that people think it is stupid?
(8) What words describe something that has been tied tightly?
(8) What words describe something that has no color or is black and white?
(8) What words describe something that has not been spoiled?
(8) What words describe something that is easily broken?
(8) What words describe something that is not fashionable?
(8) What words describe something that is on the corner?
(8) What words describe something that is too painful to accept?
(8) What words describe something that looks like it tastes good?
(8) What words describe something that someone has imagined?
(8) What words describe something that someone is doing or feeling less than before?
(8) What words describe something to do with the nose?
(8) What words describe the color of a person's skin when they are sick or afraid?
(8) What words describe the face of a person who is bad?
(8) What words describe the person who defeats the enemy?
(8) What words describe where the sun is shining?
(8) What words indicate how probable it is that something will happen?
(8) What words indicate how thick something is?
(8) What words indicate that some state has ended?
(8) What words indicate that someone does something a lot?
(8) What words indicate that something comes after another in a series?
(8) What words indicate that something comes before another in a series?
(8) What words indicate that something feels like another thing or feels a particular way?
(8) What words indicate that something happens during the whole night?
(8) What words indicate that something happens or is done two times?
(8) What words indicate that something happens where people can see it?
(8) What words indicate that something has parts?
(8) What words indicate that something is done many times?
(8) What words indicate that something is nearer than something else?
(8) What words indicate that something is so similar to something that it is almost the same thing?
(8) What words indicate that something is too late?
(8) What words indicate that something makes it necessary to do something?
(8) What words indicate that something someone says has no connection with the topic being discussed?
(8) What words indicate that the opposite of something is true?
(8) What words indicate that two things that people said are the same?
(8) What words refer to a book that interprets the sacred writings?
(8) What words refer to a deaf person talking using their hands?
(8) What words refer to a disease of the brain or mind?
(8) What words refer to a gift or payment given to your future spouse or their family?
(8) What words refer to a group of baby animals?
(8) What words refer to a high pitched sound?
(8) What words refer to a light stopping?
(8) What words refer to a line or road that is bent?
(8) What words refer to a long distance?
(8) What words refer to a man-made river?
(8) What words refer to a number that is approximate?
(8) What words refer to a person of the other sex?
(8) What words refer to a person who evaluates?
(8) What words refer to a person who is uninteresting?
(8) What words refer to a person who lives in a country?
(8) What words refer to a person who pretends to be a doctor?
(8) What words refer to a person who studies science?
(8) What words refer to a person who wants to fight a war?
(8) What words refer to a person who writes plays?
(8) What words refer to a person with a skin disease?
(8) What words refer to a place being full of animals or insects?
(8) What words refer to a place easier to defend?
(8) What words refer to a place where a ship comes to land?
(8) What words refer to a place where the water is shallow?
(8) What words refer to a set of instructions for cooking something?
(8) What words refer to a small number of people that are part of a larger group?
(8) What words refer to a sound becoming loud enough so that it can be heard?
(8) What words refer to a tool or substance used to remove something?
(8) What words refer to a very large number?
(8) What words refer to a wind that moves in a circle?
(8) What words refer to all the things a person knows?
(8) What words refer to all ways?
(8) What words refer to an airplane moving up?
(8) What words refer to an amount that cannot be measured?
(8) What words refer to an animal putting poison into a person?
(8) What words refer to an attempt to do something?
(8) What words refer to an injury healing?
(8) What words refer to an occasion of seeing?
(8) What words refer to becoming red in the face because you are embarrassed?
(8) What words refer to becoming sick?
(8) What words refer to beginning to act crazy?
(8) What words refer to being a patient in a hospital?
(8) What words refer to being addicted to drugs?
(8) What words refer to being bigger in area than another thing?
(8) What words refer to being criticized by someone else?
(8) What words refer to being higher than another thing?
(8) What words refer to being in pain because of running?
(8) What words refer to being injured?
(8) What words refer to being lower than another thing?
(8) What words refer to being narrower than another thing?
(8) What words refer to being old but still able to do things?
(8) What words refer to being smaller than another thing?
(8) What words refer to being taller than another thing?
(8) What words refer to breathing with difficulty?
(8) What words refer to causing someone to feel angry?
(8) What words refer to causing someone to feel worried?
(8) What words refer to causing someone to laugh?
(8) What words refer to causing someone to make a mistake?
(8) What words refer to confusing one thing for another?
(8) What words refer to controlling your desire to spend money?
(8) What words refer to deliberately burning something?
(8) What words refer to different things that do not mix well with each other?
(8) What words refer to doing something that has never been done before?
(8) What words refer to failing to reach a goal?
(8) What words refer to feeling bad about someone because you think they are to blame for something?
(8) What words refer to feeling cold?
(8) What words refer to feeling good about someone's behavior?
(8) What words refer to feeling hot because you are sick?
(8) What words refer to feeling more confident?
(8) What words refer to feeling something for a long time?
(8) What words refer to giving blood to someone?
(8) What words refer to giving someone a name?
(8) What words refer to giving someone permission to do something that is not usually allowed?
(8) What words refer to having your first baby?
(8) What words refer to helping someone to not be shy?
(8) What words refer to how big a container is?
(8) What words refer to how deep something is?
(8) What words refer to how long something is?
(8) What words refer to how short something is?
(8) What words refer to how wide something is?
(8) What words refer to increasing what a machine is doing?
(8) What words refer to land where no people live?
(8) What words refer to leaving a body outside?
(8) What words refer to leaving school?
(8) What words refer to liking something and wanting to have it?
(8) What words refer to living longer than someone else?
(8) What words refer to living without things that make you feel comfortable?
(8) What words refer to making someone cry?
(8) What words refer to making someone fat?
(8) What words refer to making someone pay attention to something?
(8) What words refer to making something beautiful?
(8) What words refer to making something or someone quieter?
(8) What words refer to making something thin?
(8) What words refer to making something wet?
(8) What words refer to making water flow through a pipe?
(8) What words refer to many sounds at the same time?
(8) What words refer to marrying only one person?
(8) What words refer to mollusks (phylum Mollusca)?
(8) What words refer to needing advice?
(8) What words refer to not being determined?
(8) What words refer to not having enough?
(8) What words refer to not unfairly favoring one person over another?
(8) What words refer to play against someone?
(8) What words refer to pulling something in some direction?
(8) What words refer to pushing something with your finger or a stick?
(8) What words refer to rain water on the ground?
(8) What words refer to reaching someone that you are following?
(8) What words refer to remembering something good?
(8) What words refer to saying that you disapprove of something?
(8) What words refer to sitting on something?
(8) What words refer to slowly falling?
(8) What words refer to smelling bad?
(8) What words refer to some medicine that is given at one time?
(8) What words refer to someone becoming thin?
(8) What words refer to someone who cares for mentally ill people?
(8) What words refer to someone who is enthusiastic about something?
(8) What words refer to something being eaten by insects?
(8) What words refer to something burning completely?
(8) What words refer to something looking very much like another thing?
(8) What words refer to something someone does that is loving?
(8) What words refer to something taken out of a fire?
(8) What words refer to something that a person believes?
(8) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel afraid?
(8) What words refer to something that damages things?
(8) What words refer to something that is joined to something else?
(8) What words refer to something throwing something?
(8) What words refer to something used to carry things?
(8) What words refer to striking something repeatedly?
(8) What words refer to taking care of a child while their parents are doing something else?
(8) What words refer to tempting someone to have sex outside of marriage?
(8) What words refer to the ability to work or run for a long time?
(8) What words refer to the act of escaping?
(8) What words refer to the body shaking due to illness?
(8) What words refer to the bottom of a mountain?
(8) What words refer to the crime of stealing?
(8) What words refer to the dirt on the top of the ground with grass in it?
(8) What words refer to the heart moving blood?
(8) What words refer to the history of a word?
(8) What words refer to the last thing?
(8) What words refer to the light of the moon?
(8) What words refer to the lights that appear in the northern (or southern) sky?
(8) What words refer to the material that is left on things near a fire?
(8) What words refer to the parts of musical instruments?
(8) What words refer to the person or group that wins?
(8) What words refer to the person who distributes the property?
(8) What words refer to the practice of having people work at special jobs?
(8) What words refer to the quality of being incompatible?
(8) What words refer to the quality of being proud?
(8) What words refer to the state of being empty?
(8) What words refer to the study of the stars?
(8) What words refer to the thoughts a person is thinking at a particular time?
(8) What words refer to the time when you go to sleep?
(8) What words refer to the way something seems to appear?
(8) What words refer to treating pain?
(8) What words refer to trying to kill someone?
(8) What words refer to turning away from God?
(8) What words refer to two people who are having sex?
(8) What words refer to walking loudly?
(8) What words refer to when a husband and wife no longer live together?
(8) What words refer to when a ruler stops ruling?
(8) What words refer to when your body shakes?
(8) Where are babies put?
(8) Where are dead plants put?
(8) Where are pigs kept?
(8) Where are sheep kept?
(8) Where do people defecate?
(8) Where do spiders live?
(9) ancient past: used for narrating events in ancient or mythical time.
(9) complement to words of obligation
(9) evidence from folklore: the speaker claims that the situation described is part of established oral history (e.g., mythology).
(9) How do fish move?
(9) If your father dies and your mother remarries, what do you call your mother's second husband?
(9) immediate: the action of the command is to be carried out immediately.
(9) imperfective: the situation is viewed as unbounded in the sense that it is habitual, continuous, progressive, or iterative.
(9) meaning label: counterfactual
(9) permission: the agent is allowed to complete the action of the main verb: 'The students may check books out for two weeks'.
(9) What appliances are used to cook food?
(9) What are the occupations in building?
(9) What are the parts of a drama?
(9) What are the shades of brown?
(9) What do people do to their mouth?
(9) What do people say to try to prevent bad luck?
(9) What do people say when they are done eating?
(9) What do people say when they are protesting against something?
(9) What do people say when they feel sorry?
(9) What do people use to clean their ears?
(9) What do the players do?
(9) What do you say when you make a mistake?
(9) What do you say when you want someone to be quiet?
(9) What does the leader of a rebellion do?
(9) What foods are made primarily from leaves and stems?
(9) What happens or what symptoms occur when someone begins to lose consciousness?
(9) What is a group of sheep called?
(9) What is a group of stars called?
(9) What is the leader of a team called?
(9) What is the staff of a team called?
(9) What kinds of buildings are used by travelers?
(9) What other words relate to groups of animals?
(9) What problems do the elderly have?
(9) What pronouns are used in a possessive clause?
(9) What sound does the rain make?
(9) What sounds do mice make?
(9) What species of fungi are there?
(9) What things are used in a wedding?
(9) What tools do people use with snow?
(9) What types of plants have edible seeds?
(9) What types of spears are there?
(9) What words are used for opening an egg?
(9) What words are used for processing dead animals?
(9) What words are used for when a meteor hits the earth?
(9) What words are used of fixing a road?
(9) What words are used of not wanting to sleep?
(9) What words are used when performing sorcery?
(9) What words describe a calm place?
(9) What words describe a face that shows no feeling?
(9) What words describe a part of something that is thick?
(9) What words describe a person or country that wants to fight a war?
(9) What words describe a person who has difficulty having sex?
(9) What words describe a person who jokes?
(9) What words describe a place that is far away from where most people go?
(9) What words describe a sound that people dislike?
(9) What words describe food that makes someone fat?
(9) What words describe how a person feels when something good happens to someone else?
(9) What words describe how high or low a person sings?
(9) What words describe how well a person can see?
(9) What words describe pain decreasing?
(9) What words describe someone or something that causes people to laugh?
(9) What words describe someone who does not imagine?
(9) What words describe someone who does not love?
(9) What words describe someone who gets upset easily?
(9) What words describe someone who has recently arrived in a place or just started a new job?
(9) What words describe someone who plans to do something bad?
(9) What words describe something or someone that is neither beautiful nor ugly?
(9) What words describe something that can be bent?
(9) What words describe something that can be known?
(9) What words describe something that causes someone to feel afraid?
(9) What words describe something that comes before another in a series?
(9) What words describe something that contains a lot of a particular substance?
(9) What words describe something that damages things?
(9) What words describe something that has been tied loosely?
(9) What words describe something that is almost empty?
(9) What words describe something that is much smaller than other things of the same type?
(9) What words describe something that is not easily broken?
(9) What words describe something that is uninteresting?
(9) What words describe something that people are allowed to do?
(9) What words describe something that people have known about for a long time?
(9) What words describe something that smells good?
(9) What words describe something that tastes bad?
(9) What words describe the brightness of the moon?
(9) What words describe the condition of a person's skin?
(9) What words describe the direction hair grows on the head?
(9) What words describe the temperature?
(9) What words describe when or where the sun doesn't shine?
(9) What words indicate how big a container is?
(9) What words indicate how deep something is?
(9) What words indicate how long something is?
(9) What words indicate how narrow something is?
(9) What words indicate how short something is?
(9) What words indicate that few people are doing something?
(9) What words indicate that something happens at an approximate time?
(9) What words indicate that something happens where people cannot see it?
(9) What words indicate that something in one group is the same in some way as something in another group?
(9) What words indicate that something is almost some quality (such as some color or shape)?
(9) What words indicate that something is possible but not very probable?
(9) What words indicate that something will happen no later than a particular time?
(9) What words indicate that something will not be done now, but later?
(9) What words indicate that there is not enough of something for what you need?
(9) What words indicate who keeps the children?
(9) What words refer to  things are done to treat disease?
(9) What words refer to a baby urinating or defecating?
(9) What words refer to a deaf person understanding someone by watching their mouth?
(9) What words refer to a fire making something hot?
(9) What words refer to a hospital for mentally ill people?
(9) What words refer to a low pitched sound?
(9) What words refer to a man trying to get a woman to marry him?
(9) What words refer to a person who does not thank someone?
(9) What words refer to a person who is responsible to make sure the fire does not go out?
(9) What words refer to a person who is sick?
(9) What words refer to a person who is strong?
(9) What words refer to a place to cross a river?
(9) What words refer to a place where a traveler can stay or eat?
(9) What words refer to a proud person?
(9) What words refer to a report of an evaluation?
(9) What words refer to a tear?
(9) What words refer to a warm or cold wind?
(9) What words refer to an act of throwing?
(9) What words refer to an area of ground that has been burned?
(9) What words refer to an increase in number or amount?
(9) What words refer to an ongoing relationship outside of marriage?
(9) What words refer to an organization of workers?
(9) What words refer to an unlimited number?
(9) What words refer to bad things that people allow to go into water or air?
(9) What words refer to becoming more interested in something?
(9) What words refer to being bigger than another thing?
(9) What words refer to being fuller than another thing?
(9) What words refer to being the first person to do something in a situation instead of waiting for someone else?
(9) What words refer to being thinner than another person?
(9) What words refer to being thinner than another thing?
(9) What words refer to blood moving through the veins?
(9) What words refer to breathing normally after running or working hard?
(9) What words refer to causing someone to feel or act crazy?
(9) What words refer to causing someone to feel sad?
(9) What words refer to causing someone to feel something?
(9) What words refer to causing someone to not feel nervous?
(9) What words refer to causing something to decrease?
(9) What words refer to doing something in order to feel excited?
(9) What words refer to each time something is hit?
(9) What words refer to eating human flesh?
(9) What words refer to enjoying something bad?
(9) What words refer to epilepsy?
(9) What words refer to feeling cold because you are sick?
(9) What words refer to feeling dizzy or faint?
(9) What words refer to feeling good?
(9) What words refer to feeling less confident?
(9) What words refer to going to bed early or late?
(9) What words refer to having a particular kind of life?
(9) What words refer to how big an area is?
(9) What words refer to how high something is?
(9) What words refer to how hot something is?
(9) What words refer to how tall something is?
(9) What words refer to how wide a circle or hole is?
(9) What words refer to looking at someone in a disapproving way?
(9) What words refer to looking hard at something because it is difficult to see?
(9) What words refer to making a light stop working?
(9) What words refer to making a liquid thinner?
(9) What words refer to making a loud sound?
(9) What words refer to making someone leave school because of bad behavior?
(9) What words refer to making something very wet?
(9) What words refer to marrying someone from another tribe or race?
(9) What words refer to midnight?
(9) What words refer to moving suddenly?
(9) What words refer to not being aware of other people's feelings?
(9) What words refer to not feeling ashamed?
(9) What words refer to not feeling enthusiastic?
(9) What words refer to not having any purpose?
(9) What words refer to not knowing what to advise?
(9) What words refer to preserving a dead body?
(9) What words refer to pretending to be religious?
(9) What words refer to problems between men and women?
(9) What words refer to problems between people who love each other?
(9) What words refer to providing something that is needed?
(9) What words refer to pulling something onto you?
(9) What words refer to pushing something so that it falls over?
(9) What words refer to receiving a lot of attention from people?
(9) What words refer to remembering something bad?
(9) What words refer to segmented worms (phylum Annelida)?
(9) What words refer to snow on a mountain?
(9) What words refer to soil being washed away by rain?
(9) What words refer to someone who cares for a child?
(9) What words refer to someone who has been injured?
(9) What words refer to someone who has escaped?
(9) What words refer to someone who is criticized?
(9) What words refer to someone who is old fashioned?
(9) What words refer to someone who kills another person?
(9) What words refer to someone who looks like another person?
(9) What words refer to someone who suffers?
(9) What words refer to something becoming unfashionable?
(9) What words refer to something being in the sky?
(9) What words refer to something causing someone to like a person or thing?
(9) What words refer to something like rain or leaves falling through the air?
(9) What words refer to something missing from a group of things in order?
(9) What words refer to something stopping gradually?
(9) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel angry?
(9) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel worried?
(9) What words refer to something that you win?
(9) What words refer to special words?
(9) What words refer to starting to fight?
(9) What words refer to taking something apart?
(9) What words refer to talking in your sleep?
(9) What words refer to the act of moving up?
(9) What words refer to the act of stealing?
(9) What words refer to the crime of burning someone's house or field?
(9) What words refer to the equipment used to store and administer medicine?
(9) What words refer to the event of dying?
(9) What words refer to the intensity of a color?
(9) What words refer to the last part of something?
(9) What words refer to the material that collects in the corner of the eyes while sleeping?
(9) What words refer to the need for drugs?
(9) What words refer to the people you play against?
(9) What words refer to the place where two things are joined together?
(9) What words refer to the place where you sit?
(9) What words refer to the process of serving a sentence?
(9) What words refer to the reason a person believes something?
(9) What words refer to the reason why someone is given a name?
(9) What words refer to the right to inherit something?
(9) What words refer to the seeds?
(9) What words refer to the smell of feces?
(9) What words refer to the type of blood a person has?
(9) What words refer to thinking about many things?
(9) What words refer to treating snakebite?
(9) What words refer to walking like a soldier?
(9) What words refer to working as a doctor?
(9) Where are cows kept?
(9) Where do worms live?
(and other dictionary programs) can sort your dictionary by part of speech.
(cold/warm/storm) front
(cow for both female and generic).
(feel) rested, energetic, have a lot of energy, refreshed, restored, 
(forward, back, side, up, down, toward, away from), shape of the path (straight, curve, circle, angle), relationship to some object or objects (on, hang, against, between, across, through, into, out of, onto, off of, around), proximity (near, far), multiple movements (back and forth, return, bounce), inclusion with other objects or parts of objects (join, leave, collect, disperse, unite, separate), volition (go versus drift), intransitive versus transitive (move versus move something). Some verbs of movement do not involve moving from one place to another, but express bodily movement.
(heaven and) earth, earth (and sky), (on the) ground
(I'm) fading fast. (I'm really) tired. (I think I'll) go to bed. (I'm not going to) last much longer. (I can't) stay awake.
(In written English a hyphen is used to indicate that something happens from one time until another time, as in "8:00-5:00" or "Monday-Friday".)
(In written English we use a semicolon to separate the hour from the minute: 5:00.)
(indecent).
(Japanese) -hon (long objects), -mai (flat objects), -ban (order in a series), -nin (people), -fun (minutes), -dai (large vehicles) 
(Japanese) ka?  'a particle coming at the end of a sentence to indicate that it is a question'
(lightning) strike, be struck by lightning, flash (of lightning), streak (of lightning), light up
(lunar) month
(Mary washed the dress, but it wasn't clean so) she washed it <again>.
(no words in English)
(no words in English, but some in North American Indian languages)
(no words or affixes in English)
(none in English)
(none in English), (in many Bantu languages) -e  'a verbal suffix indicating that the sentence is a command'
(or another light) is shining on an object, the area behind the object is in shadow (dark).
(Please) pass (the salt). May I have (the salt, please).
(priest's) robes, habit, cloth, vestments, frock, cassock, cowl, hood, clerical collar, skullcap, surplice, miter, 
(try to/can't) keep a straight face, stifle a laugh
[none in English] 
<According to> John his business is doing very well.
<Almost> everyone is sick.
<be> characteristic, state;  <have> condition;  <bear> characteristic;  <be in a state of> characteristic;  The dirt <is> red.;  The towel <is> damp.;  This man <is> important.;  This man <has> an important status.;  The towel<'s> dampness.;  The dampness <of> the towel.;  The damp state <of> this towel.
<Each> went his separate way.;  <each> person
<How far> is New York from Washington?;  <What is the distance> from New York to Washington?
<How> big a box is it? (very big)
<How> does he talk? (quietly, slowly)
<I suppose> X is true.;  <It is my conjecture that> X is true.;  <I would wager that> X is true.;  <If my suspicions are true,> X is true.;  X <may> be true.;  <It's possible> X is true.
<I> went to town.
<If> you do this thing, something bad will happen to you.
<It is impossible for> a person to fly.;  <It is not possible for> a person to fly.
<It is possible that> he will come.;  <It is possible for> him to come.;  He <could> come.;  He <might> come.;  He <may> come.;  He <is able to> come.;  <Maybe> he will come.
<It is possible that> he will come.;  He <could> come.;  He <might> come.;  He <may> come.;  <Maybe> he will come.
<light> blue, <dark> red, <dull> gray, <faded> colors
<O> king, live forever.;  Excuse me, <sir>.;  Pardon me, <ma'am>.
<Only> men can grow beards.
<the> leader;  <a> really old man;  <this> new shirt;  <these> tomatoes;  <that> book;  <those> flowers;  I want <this>.;  <That> is what I want.
<There is> a man....;  <There was> a man....;  <There exists> evidence....;  Evidence <exists>....;  God <exists>.;  I think, therefore I <am>.;  Once upon a time <there lived> a man....
<very> green;  <too> dark;  <really> fast;  <real> good;  <pretty> heavy
<What kind of> a man is he? (a good man);  <What sort of> man is he?
<Who> is that?;  <Where> did you go?;  <How many> did you get?;  <How often> will you go?;  <Why> did you do that?
1
1 Geographical Objects and Features;  1F The Earth's Surface
1.1
1.1.1
1.1.1.1
1.1.1.2
1.1.1.3
1.1.2
1.1.2.1
1.1.3
1.1.3.1
1.1.3.2
1.1.3.3
1.1.3.4
1.1.3.5
1.1.3.6
1.1.3.7
1.1.3.8
1.2
1.2.1
1.2.1.1
1.2.1.2
1.2.1.3
1.2.1.4
1.2.1.5
1.2.1.6
1.2.1.7
1.2.2
1.2.2.1
1.2.2.2
1.2.2.3
1.2.2.4
1.2.2.5
1.2.3
1.2.3.1
1.2.3.2
1.2.3.3
1.3
1.3.1
1.3.1.1
1.3.1.2
1.3.1.3
1.3.1.4
1.3.1.5
1.3.2
1.3.2.1
1.3.2.2
1.3.2.3
1.3.2.4
1.3.2.5
1.3.2.6
1.3.3
1.3.3.1
1.3.4
1.3.5
1.3.6
1.4
1.4.1
1.4.2
1.5
1.5.1
1.5.2
1.5.3
1.5.4
1.5.5
1.5.6
1.5.7
1.6
1.6.1
1.6.1.1
1.6.1.1.1
1.6.1.1.2
1.6.1.1.3
1.6.1.1.4
1.6.1.1.5
1.6.1.1.6
1.6.1.1.7
1.6.1.1.8
1.6.1.2
1.6.1.3
1.6.1.3.1
1.6.1.3.2
1.6.1.3.3
1.6.1.3.4
1.6.1.4
1.6.1.5
1.6.1.6
1.6.1.7
1.6.1.8
1.6.1.9
1.6.2
1.6.2.1
1.6.2.2
1.6.2.3
1.6.2.4
1.6.2.5
1.6.3
1.6.3.1
1.6.4
1.6.4.1
1.6.4.2
1.6.4.3
1.6.5
1.6.6
1.6.7
1.7
1.7.1
10 Kinship Terms
100 Orientation
101 Identification
102 Maps
103 Place Names
104 Glossary
105 Cultural Summary
10A Groups and Members of Groups of Persons Regarded as Related by Blood but without Special Reference to Successive Generations;  10B Kinship Relations Involving Successive Generations
10C Kinship Relations of the Same Generation
10D Kinship Relations Based upon Marriage
11 Groups and Classes of Persons and Members of Such Groups and Classes;  11A General
118 Fiction
11B Socio-Religious
11C Socio-Political
11D Ethnic-Cultural
11E Philosophical
12 Supernatural Beings and Powers
12 Supernatural Beings and Powers;  12A Supernatural Beings
120 Research Methods; Methodology
120 Research Methods; Methodology;  121 Theoretical Orientation in Research and Its Results;  122 Practical Preparations in Conducting Fieldwork;  123 Observational Role in Research;  124 Interviewing in Research;  125 Tests and Schedules Administered In the Field;  126 Recording and Collecting In the Field;  127 Historical and Archival Research;  128 Organization and Analysis of Results of Research
121 Theoretical Orientation in Research and Its Results
1210 Archaeological Excavation Methods;  1211 Dating Methods in Archaeology;  1212 Laboratory Analysis of Materials Other Than Dating Methods in Archaeology;  1213 Comparative Data [in Reconstructing History];  129 Archaiological Survey Methods;  138 Post Depositional Processes in Archaeological Sites;  159 Life History Materials;  170 History and Culture Change;  171 Comparative Evidence; Distributional Evidence;  1710 Cultural Revitalization and Ethnogenesis;  172 Prehistory; Archaeology;  173 Traditional History;  174 Historical Reconstruction;  175 History; Recorded History;  176 Innovation;  177 Acculturation and Culture Contact;  178 Sociocultural Trends;  910 Archaeological Measures, Techniques and Analysis;  911 Chronologies and Cultural Sequences;  912 Cultural Stratigraphy;  913 Functional Specialization;  914 Typologies and Classification;  915 Archaeological Inventories
122 Practical Preparations in Conducting Fieldwork
124 Interviewing in Research
125 Tests and Schedules Administered In the Field;  208 Public Opinion
12B Supernatural Powers
13 Be, Become, Exist, Happen
131 Location
132 Climate
133 Topography and Geology
134 Soil
135 Mineral Resources
136 Fauna
136a Parts
136b Growth Stages
136c Movements
136d Sounds
136e Homes
136f Mammals
136g Amphibian, worm
136g Amphibian, worm;  136j Fish and Mollusk
136h Reptile
136i Bird
136j Fish and Mollusk
136k Insect
137 Flora
137a Plant Parts
137b Growth Stages
137c Parasites
137d Trees and wood
137e Shrubs
137f Grass and Weeds;  137g Herbs, medicinal, fungus
137h Crops and vegetables
13A State
13B Change of State
13C Exist
13D Happen
140 Human Biology;  141 Anthropometry;  142 Descriptive Somatology
143 Genetics
145 Ontogenetic Data;  850 Infancy and Childhood;  880 Adolescence, Adulthood, and Old Age
145 Ontogenetic Data;  856 Development and Maturation
146 Nutrition
147 Physiological Data
147 Physiological Data;  514 Elimination
147 Physiological Data;  740 Health and Welfare
14A Weather
14B Wind
14C Rain
14D Thunder and Lightning
14F Light
14G Darkness
14H Burning
14I Sound
14J Movement of the Earth x
15 Linear Movement;  15A Move, Come/Go;  16 Non-Linear Movement
150 Behavior Processes and Personality;  156 Social Personality;  157 Personality Traits
151 Sensation and Perception
152 Drives and Emotions;  150 Behavior Processes and Personality
153 Modification of Behavior;  154 Adjustment Processes;  155 Personality Development
158 Personality Disorders;  756 Shamans and Psychotherapists
15A' Movement with Speed x;  15B' Goal-Oriented Movement
15C' Walk, Step x
15C Pass, Cross Over, Go Through, Go Around
15D' Run x
15D Leave, Depart, Flee, Escape, Send
15E' Jump, Leap x
15E Come Near, Approach
15F' Dance
15F Come, Come To, Arrive
15G' Fly
15G Return
15H' Swim
15H Come/Go Into
15I Come/Go Onto;  15J Come/Go Up, Ascend
15K Come/Go Down, Descend
15L Fall
15M Gather, Cause to Come Together
15O Come/Go Prior To
15O Come/Go Prior To;  15P Come/Go In Front Of
15R Go Around, Surround;  15B Travel, Journey
15R Go Around, Surround;  15I' Roll
15S Come/Go With, Travel With
15T Follow, Accompany;  15Q Come/Go Behind
15T Follow, Accompany;  15S Come/Go With, Travel With
15U Pursue, Follow
15V Drive Along, Carry Along
15W Lead, Bring, Take
15X Carry, Bear
15Y Pull, Draw, Drag x
15Z Throw, Hurl
16 Non-Linear Movement
16 Non-Linear Movement;  84 Spatial Extensions;  84A Extension From a Source;  84B Extension To a Goal;  84C Extension Along a Path
163 Birth Statistics;  840 Reproduction;  841 Menstruation;  844 Childbirth;  846 Postnatal Care
164 Morbidity;  753 Theory of Disease
165 Mortality;  760 Death;  763 Dying
166 Internal Migration
17 Stances and Events Related to Stances
179 Economic Planning and Development;  433 Production and Supply;  434 Income and Demand;  454 Saving and Investment;  455 Speculation;  458 Business Cycles
17A Stand x
17B Sit x
17C Kneel x
17D Prostrate x
17E Prostrate as an Act of Reverence or Supplication x
17G Lie x;  17F Recline x
17H Bend Over, Straighten Up x
18 Attachment;  18A Grasp, Hold
18 Attachment;  18B Fasten, Stick To
18 Attachment;  18B Fasten, Stick To;  63B Unite
180 Total Culture;  181 Ethos;  182 Function and Adaptational Interpretations;  183 Norms;  184 Cultural Participation;  185 Cultural Goals;  186 Cultural Identity and Pride; Ethnocentrism
18B Fasten, Stick To
19 Physical Impact
190 Language;  197 Linguistic Identification;  198 Special Languages;  193 Grammar;  194 Phonology;  192 Vocabulary
191 Speech
195 Sociolinguistics; Stylistic
196 Semantics
19A Hit, Strike
19B Pierce, Cut
19C Split, Tear
19D Break, Break Through
19E Press
19F Dig
1A Universe, Creation;  14 Physical Events and States
1B Regions Above the Earth
1C Regions Below the Surface of the Earth
1D Heavenly Bodies
1E Atmospheric Objects
1G Elevated Land Formations
1H Depressions and Holes
1H Depressions and Holes;  1C Regions Below the Surface of the Earth
1I Land in Contrast With the Sea
1J Bodies of Water
1K Sociopolitical Areas
1L Governmental Administrative Areas
1M Areas Which Are Uninhabited or Only Sparsely Populated
1N Population Centers
1O Pastures and Cultivated Lands
1P Thoroughfares: Roads, Streets, Paths, etc.
2
2 Natural Substances
2.1
2.1.1
2.1.1.1
2.1.1.2
2.1.1.3
2.1.1.4
2.1.1.5
2.1.2
2.1.3
2.1.3.1
2.1.3.2
2.1.3.3
2.1.4
2.1.5
2.1.6
2.1.7
2.1.8
2.1.8.1
2.1.8.2
2.1.8.3
2.1.8.4
2.2
2.2.1
2.2.2
2.2.3
2.2.4
2.2.5
2.2.6
2.2.7
2.2.8
2.3
2.3.1
2.3.1.1
2.3.1.2
2.3.1.3
2.3.1.4
2.3.1.5
2.3.1.5.1
2.3.1.6
2.3.1.7
2.3.1.8
2.3.1.8.1
2.3.1.8.2
2.3.1.9
2.3.2
2.3.2.1
2.3.2.2
2.3.2.3
2.3.2.4
2.3.2.5
2.3.3
2.3.4
2.3.5
2.3.5.1
2.4
2.4.1
2.4.2
2.4.3
2.4.4
2.4.5
2.5
2.5.1
2.5.1.1
2.5.2
2.5.2.1
2.5.2.2
2.5.2.3
2.5.2.4
2.5.3
2.5.3.1
2.5.3.2
2.5.4
2.5.4.1
2.5.4.2
2.5.4.3
2.5.4.4
2.5.4.5
2.5.5
2.5.6
2.5.6.1
2.5.6.2
2.5.6.3
2.5.6.4
2.5.6.5
2.5.6.6
2.5.7
2.5.7.1
2.5.7.2
2.5.7.3
2.5.7.4
2.5.7.5
2.5.8
2.6
2.6.1
2.6.1.1
2.6.1.2
2.6.1.3
2.6.1.4
2.6.1.5
2.6.2
2.6.2.1
2.6.2.2
2.6.2.3
2.6.3
2.6.3.1
2.6.3.2
2.6.3.3
2.6.3.4
2.6.3.5
2.6.3.6
2.6.3.7
2.6.3.8
2.6.3.9
2.6.4
2.6.4.1
2.6.4.1.1
2.6.4.2
2.6.4.2.1
2.6.4.3
2.6.4.4
2.6.4.5
2.6.4.6
2.6.4.7
2.6.4.8
2.6.5
2.6.5.1
2.6.5.2
2.6.6
2.6.6.1
2.6.6.2
2.6.6.3
2.6.6.4
2.6.6.5
2.6.6.6
2.6.6.7
2.6.6.8
20 Violence, Harm, Destroy, Kill;  20B Harm, wound
20 Violence, Harm, Destroy, Kill;  20C Destroy
200 Communication
201 Gestures and Signs
2010 Internet Communications;  202 Transmission of Messages;  203 Dissemination of News and Information;  204 Press;  205 Mail; Postal System;  206 Telephone and Telegraph;  207 Radio and Television
202 Transmission of Messages;  203 Dissemination of News and Information;  204 Press;  205 Mail; Postal System;  206 Telephone and Telegraph;  207 Radio and Television
203 Dissemination of News and Information;  204 Press
206 Telephone and Telegraph
207 Radio and Television
209 Proxemics
20A Violence
20B Harm, wound
20D Kill
21 Danger, Risk, Safe, Save;  21A Danger
210 Records;  126 Recording and Collecting In the Field;  211 Mnemonic Devices;  217 Archives
212 Writing;  218 Writing and Printing Supplies
214 Publishing;  213 Printing
215 Photography
216 Sound Records
21B Expose Oneself to Danger
21C Safe, Free from Danger;  21D Become Safe, Free from Danger;  21E Cause To Be Safe, Free from Danger
21F Save in a Religious Sense
22 Trouble, Hardship, Relief, Favorable Circumstances
220 Food Quest;  221 Annual Cycle;  222 Collecting
223 Fowling
224 Hunting and Trapping
226 Fishing;  225 Marine Hunting
227 Fishing Gear
228 Marine Industries;  312 Water Supply;  336 Plumbing;  376 Water Power
22A Trouble, Hardship, Distress;  22B Experience Trouble, Hardship;  22C Cause Trouble, Hardship;  22D Difficult, Hard;  22F Easy, Light
22E Relief from Trouble
22G Favorable Circumstances or State
230 Animal Husbandry
231 Domesticated Animals
232 Applied Animal Science
233 Pastoral Activities
234 Dairying
235 Poultry Raising
236 Wool Production
237 Animal By-Products
23A Eat, Drink
23B Processes Involving the Mouth, Other Than Eating and Drinking
23B Processes Involving the Mouth, Other Than Eating and Drinking x
23C Birth, Procreation
23D Sexual Relations
23E Sleep, Waking x
23F Tire, Rest
23G Live, Die
23H Health, Vigor, Strength
23I Sickness, Disease, Weakness
23J Breathe, Breath
23K Grow, Growth
23K Grow, Growth;  23L Ripen, Produce Fruit, Bear Seed
23K Grow, Growth;  81B High, Low, Deep
23M Rot, Decay
24 Sensory Events and States;  24G General Sensory Perception
240 Agriculture;  242 Agricultural Science
241 Tillage
243 Cereal Agriculture
244 Vegetable Production
245 Arboriculture
246 Forage Crops
247 Floriculture
248 Textile Agriculture;  249 Special Crops
24A See
24B Hear
24C Smell;  79I Fragrance, Odor
24D Taste;  79H Sweet, Bitter, Tasteless
24E Touch, Feel
24F Pain, Suffering
25 Attitudes and Emotions
250 Food Processing;  251 Preservation and Storage of Food
252 Food Preparation;  265 Food Service Industries
253 Meat Packing Industry;  254 Refrigeration Industry;  255 Canning Industry;  256 Cereal Industry;  257 Confectionery Industries;  258 Miscellaneous Food Processing and Packing Industries
25A Desire, Want, Wish
25B Desire Strongly
25C Love, Affection, Compassion
25D Hope, Look Forward To
25E Be Willing
25F Be Eager, Be Earnest, In a Devoted Manner
25G Content, Satisfied
25H Acceptable To, To Be Pleased With
25K Happy, Glad, Joyful;  25H Acceptable To, To Be Pleased With;  25J Enjoy, Take Pleasure In, Be Fond of Doing
25L Laugh, Cry, Groan x
25M Encouragement, Consolation
25N Courage, Boldness
25O Patience, Endurance, Perseverance
25O Patience, Endurance, Perseverance;  25F Be Eager, Be Earnest, In a Devoted Manner
25Q Abhor
25R Shame, Disgrace, Humiliation;  88T Act Shamefully
25S Pride
25T Surprise, Astonish
25U Worry, Anxiety, Distress, Peace
25V Fear, Terror, Alarm
25W Sorrow, Regret
25W Sorrow, Regret;  25X Discouragement
26 Psychological Faculties
260 Food Consumption;  262 Diet;  264 Eating
261 Gratification and Control of Hunger;  271 Water and Thirst
263 Condiments
266 Cannibalism
27 Learn;  27A Learn
271 Water and Thirst
272 Nonalcoholic Beverages
273 Alcoholic Beverages;  270 Drink and Drugs; Drink, Drugs and Indulgence
274 Beverage Industries
275 Drinking Establishment
276 Recreational and Non-therapeutic Drugs; Narcotics and Stimulants
277 Tobacco Industry
27B Learn the Location of Something
27C Learn Something Against Someone
27D Try To Learn
27E Be Willing To Learn
27F Be Ready To Learn, Pay Attention
27G Recognize
28 Know;  28A Know;  28B Known
280 Leather, Textiles and Fabrics
280 Leather, Textiles and Fabrics;  287 Nonwoven Fabrics;  288 Textile Industry;  294 Clothing Manufacture;  295 Special Clothing Industries
282 Leather Industry;  281 Work in Skins
283 Cordage
283 Cordage;  284 Knots and Lashing
285 Mats and Basketry
286 Woven Fabrics
289 Paper Industry
28C Well Known, Clearly Shown, Revealed;  28D Able To Be Known;  28E Not Able To Be Known, Secret
28E Not Able To Be Known, Secret
29 Memory and Recall;  29B Recalling from Memory;  29D Recalling and Responding with Appropriate Action
290 Clothing;  291 Normal Garb
292 Special Garments
293 Paraphernalia
296 Garment Care
29A Storing of Information
29C Not Remembering, Forgetting
2A Elements
2B Air
2C Fire
2D Water
2E Earth, Mud, Sand, Rock
2F Precious and Semiprecious Stones and Substances
2G Metals
3
3 Plants;  3A Plants
3.1
3.1.1
3.1.2
3.1.2.1
3.1.2.2
3.1.2.3
3.1.2.4
3.2
3.2.1
3.2.1.1
3.2.1.2
3.2.1.3
3.2.1.4
3.2.1.5
3.2.1.6
3.2.2
3.2.2.1
3.2.2.2
3.2.2.3
3.2.2.4
3.2.2.5
3.2.2.6
3.2.2.7
3.2.3
3.2.3.1
3.2.3.2
3.2.3.3
3.2.4
3.2.4.1
3.2.4.2
3.2.4.3
3.2.5
3.2.5.1
3.2.5.1.1
3.2.5.2
3.2.5.3
3.2.5.4
3.2.5.4.1
3.2.5.4.2
3.2.5.5
3.2.5.6
3.2.5.7
3.2.5.8
3.2.5.9
3.2.6
3.2.6.1
3.2.6.2
3.2.6.3
3.2.6.4
3.2.7
3.2.7.1
3.2.7.2
3.2.7.3
3.2.8
3.3
3.3.1
3.3.1.1
3.3.1.2
3.3.1.3
3.3.1.4
3.3.1.5
3.3.1.6
3.3.1.7
3.3.1.8
3.3.2
3.3.2.1
3.3.2.2
3.3.2.3
3.3.2.4
3.3.3
3.3.3.1
3.3.3.2
3.3.3.3
3.3.3.4
3.3.3.5
3.3.3.6
3.3.3.7
3.3.3.8
3.3.4
3.3.4.1
3.3.4.2
3.3.4.3
3.3.4.4
3.3.4.5
3.3.5
3.3.5.1
3.3.5.2
3.4
3.4.1
3.4.1.1
3.4.1.1.1
3.4.1.1.2
3.4.1.1.3
3.4.1.1.4
3.4.1.1.5
3.4.1.1.6
3.4.1.1.7
3.4.1.1.8
3.4.1.2
3.4.1.2.1
3.4.1.2.2
3.4.1.3
3.4.1.4
3.4.1.4.1
3.4.1.4.2
3.4.1.4.3
3.4.1.4.4
3.4.1.4.5
3.4.1.4.6
3.4.1.5
3.4.2
3.4.2.1
3.4.2.1.1
3.4.2.1.2
3.4.2.1.3
3.4.2.1.4
3.4.2.1.5
3.4.2.1.6
3.4.2.1.7
3.4.2.1.8
3.4.2.1.9
3.4.2.2
3.4.2.2.1
3.4.2.2.2
3.4.2.3
3.4.2.3.1
3.4.2.4
3.4.2.4.1
3.4.2.4.2
3.4.2.4.3
3.4.2.5
3.5
3.5.1
3.5.1.1
3.5.1.1.1
3.5.1.1.2
3.5.1.1.3
3.5.1.1.4
3.5.1.1.5
3.5.1.1.6
3.5.1.1.7
3.5.1.1.8
3.5.1.2
3.5.1.2.1
3.5.1.2.2
3.5.1.2.3
3.5.1.2.4
3.5.1.2.5
3.5.1.2.6
3.5.1.2.7
3.5.1.2.8
3.5.1.2.9
3.5.1.3
3.5.1.3.1
3.5.1.3.2
3.5.1.3.3
3.5.1.3.4
3.5.1.3.5
3.5.1.3.6
3.5.1.4
3.5.1.4.1
3.5.1.4.2
3.5.1.4.3
3.5.1.4.4
3.5.1.4.5
3.5.1.5
3.5.1.5.1
3.5.1.5.2
3.5.1.5.3
3.5.1.6
3.5.1.6.1
3.5.1.6.2
3.5.1.7
3.5.1.7.1
3.5.1.7.2
3.5.1.7.3
3.5.1.8
3.5.1.8.1
3.5.1.8.2
3.5.1.8.3
3.5.1.8.4
3.5.1.8.5
3.5.1.9
3.5.2
3.5.2.1
3.5.2.2
3.5.2.3
3.5.2.4
3.5.3
3.5.3.1
3.5.3.2
3.5.4
3.5.4.1
3.5.4.2
3.5.4.3
3.5.4.4
3.5.4.5
3.5.4.6
3.5.5
3.5.5.1
3.5.6
3.5.6.1
3.5.6.2
3.5.6.3
3.5.6.4
3.5.6.5
3.5.7
3.5.7.1
3.5.7.2
3.5.7.3
3.5.7.4
3.5.7.5
3.5.7.6
3.5.7.7
3.5.8
3.5.8.1
3.5.8.2
3.5.8.3
3.5.8.4
3.5.9
3.5.9.1
3.5.9.2
3.5.9.3
3.5.9.4
3.5.9.5
3.5.9.6
3.6
3.6.1
3.6.2
3.6.3
3.6.4
3.6.5
3.6.6
3.6.7
3.6.8
30 Think;  30A To Think, Thought
30 Think;  30A To Think, Thought;  30B To Think About, with the Implied Purpose of Responding Appropriately
300 Adornment;  515 Personal Hygiene;  302 Toilet;  305 Beauty Specialists
301 Ornament
303 Manufacturing of Toilet Accessories;  380 Chemical Industries;  381 Chemical Engineering;  382 Petroleum and Coal Products Industries;  383 Rubber Industry;  384 Synthetics Industry;  385 Industrial Chemicals;  386 Paint and Dye Manufacture;  387 Fertilizer Industry;  388 Soap and Allied Products;  389 Manufacture of Explosives;  549 Art and Recreational Supplies Industries;  719 Munitions Industries
304 Body Alterations; Mutilation
30C To Think Concerning Future Contingencies
30D To Intend, To Purpose, To Plan
30E To Decide, To Conclude
30F To Choose, To Select, To Prefer
30G To Distinguish, To Evaluate, To Judge
311 Land Use;  332 Earth Moving
313 Lumbering
314 Forest Products
315 Oil and Gas Wells
316 Mining and Quarrying;  317 Special Deposits
318 Environmental Quality
31A Have an Opinion, Hold a View;  31 Hold a View, Believe, Trust;  31D Acknowledge;  31G Accept as True;  31H Change an Opinion Concerning Truth
31B Hold a Wrong View, Be Mistaken
31C Agree, Consent
31E Suppose, Think Possible
31F Believe To Be True;  31J Be a Believer, Christian Faith
31I Trust, Rely
31J Be a Believer, Christian Faith;  53I Roles and Functions
32 Understand;  32A Understand;  32B Come To Understand;  32C Ease or Difficulty in Understand
320 Processing of Basic Materials;  310 Exploitative Activities;  306 Jewelry Manufacture
321 Work in Bone, Horn, and Shell
322 Woodworking;  335 Carpentry;  289 Paper Industry
323 Ceramic Technology; Ceramic Industries
324 Lithic Industries; Stone Industry
325 Metallurgy;  327 Iron and Steel Industry
326 Smiths and Their Crafts;  328 Nonferrous Metal Industries
32D Capacity for Understanding
32E Lack of Capacity for Understanding
33 Communication
330 Building and Construction;  331 Construction;  334 Structural Steel Work;  338 Miscellaneous Building Trades;  341 Architecture
333 Masonry
337 Electrical Installation;  375 Thermal Power;  377 Electric Power;  378 Atomic Energy;  379 Miscellaneous Power Production
339 Building Supplies Industries
33A' Advise
33A Language
33A" Prophesy;  33X Foretell, Tell Fortunes
33B' Urge, Persuade;  33H' Recommend, Propose
33B Word, Passage
33B" Swear, Put Under Oath, Vow
33C' Call
33C Discourse Types
33C" Bless, Curse
33D' Invite
33D Language Levels
33D" Non-Verbal Communication
33E' Insist
33E Written Language;  6J Instruments Used in Marking and Writing
33F' Command, Order
33F Speak, Talk
33G' Law, Regulation, Ordinance
33G Sing, Lament
33H' Recommend, Propose
33H Keep Silent
33I' Intercede
33I Name
33J' Thanks;  25I Thankful, Grateful
33J Interpret, Mean, Explain
33K' Praise
33K Converse, Discuss
33L' Flatter
33L Ask For, Request
33L Ask For, Request;  33N Question, Answer
33M' Boast
33M Pray
33N' Foolish Talk
33N Question, Answer
33O' Complain
33O Inform, Announce
33O Inform, Announce;  33P Assert, Declare;  33S Preach, Proclaim
33P' Insult, Slander;  33R' Mock, Ridicule
33Q' Gossip
33Q Teach
33R Speak Truth, Speak Falsehood;  88E Honesty, Sincerity
33S' Criticize
33S Preach, Proclaim
33T' Rebuke
33T Witness, Testify
33U' Warn
33V' Accuse, Blame;  56C Accusation
33V Admit, Confess, Deny
33W' Defend, Excuse
33W Agree;  31C Agree, Consent
33X' Dispute, Debate
33Y' Argue, Quarrel
33Y Promise
33Z' Oppose, Contradict
33Z Threaten
34 Association;  34A Associate;  89T Association;  89A Relation;  89Z Mediation
340 Structures;  344 Public Structures;  345 Recreational Structures;  346 Religious and Educational Structures;  347 Business Structures;  348 Industrial Structures;  349 Miscellaneous Structures
342 Dwellings;  343 Outbuildings
34B Join, Begin To Associate
34B Join, Begin To Associate;  34E Establish or Confirm a Relation
34C Belong to, Be Included in the Membership of, Be Excluded From
34D Limit or Avoid Association
34F Visit
34G Welcome, Receive
34H Show Hospitality
34I Kiss, Embrace
34J Marriage, Divorce
350 Equipment and Maintenance of Buildings;  358 Maintenance of Non-domestic Buildings
351 Grounds
352 Furniture
353 Building Interiors and Arrangement; Interior Decoration and Arrangement
354 Heating and Lighting Equipment;  355 Miscellaneous Building Equipment
356 Housekeeping;  357 Domestic Service
35A Help
35B Serve
35C Provide For, Support
35D Care For, Take Care Of
35E Entrust To the Care Of
35F Rear, Bring Up
35G Adopt
35H Desert, Forsake
36 Guide, Discipline, Follow;  36A Guide, Lead
363 Streets and Traffic
364 Refuse Disposal and Sanitary Facilities;  365 Public Utilities;  366 Commercial Facilities;  367 Parks;  368 Miscellaneous Facilities
36B Discipline, Train
36C Obey, Disobey
36D Follow, Be a Disciple
370 Energy and Power;  371 Power Development;  379 Miscellaneous Power Production
372 Fire
373 Light
374 Heat
376 Water Power
378 Atomic Energy;  810 Sciences and Humanities; Exact Knowledge;  811 Logic;  812 Philosophy;  813 Scientific Method;  814 Humanistic Studies;  815 Science;  816 Applied Science;  820 Ideas about Nature and People; Ideas about Nature and Man;  821 Ethnometeorology;  822 Ethnophysics;  823 Ethnogeography;  824 Ethnobotany;  825 Ethnozoology;  826 Ethnoanatomy;  827 Ethnophysiology;  828 Ethnopyschology;  829 Ethnosociology
37A Control, Restrain
37B Compel, Force
37C Exercise Authority
37D Rule, Govern;  37 Control, Rule
37E Assign to a Role or Function
37F Seize, Take into Custody
37G Hand Over, Betray
37H Imprison;  37I Guard, Watch Over
37J Release, Set Free
38 Punish, Reward;  38A Punish
38B Reward, Recompense
39 Hostility, Strife
39 Hostility, Strife;  39E Strife, Struggle
39 Hostility, Strife;  55 Military Activities
390 Capital Goods Industry;  391 Hardware Manufacture;  392 Machine Industries;  393 Electrical Supplies Industry;  394 Manufacture of Heating and Lighting Appliances;  395 Manufacture of Optical and Photographic Equipment;  396 Shipbuilding;  397 Railway Equipment Industry;  398 Manufacture of Vehicles;  399 Aircraft Industry;  719 Munitions Industries
39A Opposition, Hostility;  39B Division
39C Resistance
39D Yielding
39D Yielding;  33U Profess Allegiance
39F Revenge
39G Rebellion
39H Riot
39I Persecution
39J Attack
39K Ambush
39L Conquer
3B Trees
3C Plants That Are Not Trees
3D Fruit Parts of Plants
3D Fruit Parts of Plants;  3E Non-Fruit Parts of Plants
4
4 Animals
4.1
4.1.1
4.1.1.1
4.1.2
4.1.2.1
4.1.3
4.1.3.1
4.1.4
4.1.4.1
4.1.5
4.1.6
4.1.6.1
4.1.6.2
4.1.6.3
4.1.6.4
4.1.6.5
4.1.7
4.1.7.1
4.1.8
4.1.9
4.1.9.1
4.1.9.1.1
4.1.9.1.2
4.1.9.1.3
4.1.9.1.4
4.1.9.1.5
4.1.9.1.6
4.1.9.1.7
4.1.9.1.8
4.1.9.1.9
4.1.9.2
4.1.9.2.1
4.1.9.2.2
4.1.9.3
4.1.9.4
4.1.9.5
4.1.9.6
4.1.9.7
4.1.9.8
4.1.9.9
4.2
4.2.1
4.2.1.1
4.2.1.2
4.2.1.3
4.2.1.4
4.2.1.4.1
4.2.1.4.2
4.2.1.5
4.2.1.6
4.2.1.7
4.2.1.8
4.2.1.8.1
4.2.1.8.2
4.2.1.8.3
4.2.1.9
4.2.2
4.2.2.1
4.2.2.2
4.2.2.3
4.2.3
4.2.3.1
4.2.3.2
4.2.3.3
4.2.3.4
4.2.3.5
4.2.4
4.2.5
4.2.6
4.2.6.1
4.2.6.1.1
4.2.6.1.2
4.2.6.2
4.2.6.2.1
4.2.6.2.2
4.2.6.3
4.2.6.4
4.2.7
4.2.8
4.2.8.1
4.2.9
4.2.9.1
4.3
4.3.1
4.3.1.1
4.3.1.2
4.3.1.2.1
4.3.1.3
4.3.1.3.1
4.3.1.3.2
4.3.1.4
4.3.1.5
4.3.1.5.1
4.3.1.5.2
4.3.2
4.3.2.1
4.3.2.2
4.3.2.3
4.3.2.4
4.3.3
4.3.3.1
4.3.3.2
4.3.3.3
4.3.4
4.3.4.1
4.3.4.2
4.3.4.2.1
4.3.4.3
4.3.4.3.1
4.3.4.4
4.3.4.4.1
4.3.4.4.2
4.3.4.5
4.3.4.5.1
4.3.4.5.2
4.3.4.5.3
4.3.4.6
4.3.4.6.1
4.3.4.7
4.3.4.8
4.3.4.9
4.3.5
4.3.5.1
4.3.5.2
4.3.5.3
4.3.5.4
4.3.5.5
4.3.5.6
4.3.6
4.3.6.1
4.3.6.2
4.3.6.3
4.3.6.4
4.3.7
4.3.7.1
4.3.7.2
4.3.8
4.3.8.1
4.3.9
4.3.9.1
4.3.9.2
4.4
4.4.1
4.4.2
4.4.2.1
4.4.2.2
4.4.2.3
4.4.2.4
4.4.2.5
4.4.2.6
4.4.3
4.4.3.1
4.4.3.2
4.4.3.3
4.4.3.4
4.4.3.5
4.4.3.6
4.4.3.7
4.4.4
4.4.4.1
4.4.4.2
4.4.4.3
4.4.4.4
4.4.4.5
4.4.4.6
4.4.4.7
4.4.4.8
4.4.5
4.4.5.1
4.4.5.2
4.5
4.5.1
4.5.2
4.5.3
4.5.3.1
4.5.3.2
4.5.3.3
4.5.3.4
4.5.4
4.5.4.1
4.5.4.2
4.5.4.3
4.5.4.4
4.5.4.5
4.5.4.6
4.5.4.7
4.5.5
4.5.5.1
4.5.5.2
4.5.6
4.5.6.1
4.5.6.2
4.6
4.6.1
4.6.1.1
4.6.1.2
4.6.2
4.6.2.1
4.6.3
4.6.3.1
4.6.4
4.6.5
4.6.6
4.6.6.1
4.6.6.1.1
4.6.6.1.2
4.6.6.2
4.6.6.3
4.6.6.4
4.6.6.5
4.6.7
4.6.7.1
4.6.7.2
4.6.7.3
4.6.7.4
4.7
4.7.1
4.7.2
4.7.3
4.7.4
4.7.4.1
4.7.5
4.7.5.1
4.7.5.2
4.7.5.3
4.7.5.4
4.7.5.5
4.7.5.6
4.7.5.7
4.7.5.8
4.7.6
4.7.6.1
4.7.6.2
4.7.6.3
4.7.7
4.7.7.1
4.7.7.2
4.7.7.3
4.7.7.4
4.7.7.5
4.7.7.6
4.7.7.7
4.7.8
4.7.8.1
4.7.8.2
4.7.9
4.7.9.1
4.7.9.2
4.7.9.3
4.7.9.4
4.7.9.5
4.7.9.6
4.8
4.8.1
4.8.1.1
4.8.2
4.8.2.1
4.8.2.2
4.8.2.3
4.8.2.3.1
4.8.2.4
4.8.2.5
4.8.2.6
4.8.2.7
4.8.2.8
4.8.2.9
4.8.3
4.8.3.1
4.8.3.2
4.8.3.3
4.8.3.4
4.8.3.5
4.8.3.6
4.8.3.6.1
4.8.3.6.2
4.8.3.6.3
4.8.3.6.4
4.8.3.6.5
4.8.3.6.6
4.8.3.7
4.8.3.8
4.8.4
4.8.4.1
4.8.4.2
4.8.4.3
4.8.4.4
4.8.4.5
4.8.4.6
4.8.4.6.1
4.8.4.7
4.8.4.8
4.8.4.8.1
4.8.4.9
4.9
4.9.1
4.9.2
4.9.3
4.9.3.1
4.9.4
4.9.4.1
4.9.4.2
4.9.4.3
4.9.4.4
4.9.4.5
4.9.4.6
4.9.4.7
4.9.5
4.9.5.1
4.9.5.2
4.9.5.3
4.9.5.4
4.9.5.5
4.9.5.6
4.9.5.6.1
4.9.5.7
4.9.5.8
4.9.5.9
4.9.6
4.9.6.1
4.9.7
4.9.7.1
4.9.7.2
4.9.7.3
4.9.7.4
4.9.7.5
4.9.7.6
4.9.7.7
4.9.8
4.9.8.1
4.9.8.2
4.9.9
400 Machines;  401 Mechanics;  402 Industrial Machinery;  403 Electrical Machines and Appliances;  404 Household Machines and Appliances;  405 Weighing, Measuring, and Recording Machines;  406 Weight-moving Machinery;  407 Agricultural Machinery;  408 Computer Technology;  416 Appliances
40A Reconciliation;  40 Reconciliation, Forgiveness
40B Forgiveness
41 Behavior and Related States;  41A Behavior, Conduct;  88 Moral and Ethical Qualities and Related Behavior
410 Tools and Appliances;  412 General Tools;  413 Special Tools;  414 Miscellaneous Hardware;  417 Apparatus
411 Weapons;  710 Military Technology;  711 Military Engineering;  712 Military Installations;  713 Ordnance;  714 Uniform and Accouterment;  715 Military Vehicles;  716 Naval Vessels;  717 Military Aircraft;  718 Special Military Equipment
415 Utensils
41B Custom, Tradition
41D Imitate Behavior
41E Change Behavior
42 Perform, Do;  42A Function;  42B Do, Perform
420 Property;  510 Living Standards and Routines;  511 Standard of Living
421 Property System
422 Property in Movables;  423 Real Property;  424 Incorporeal Property
425 Acquisition and Relinquishment of Property;  430 Exchange
426 Borrowing and Lending
427 Renting and Leasing
428 Inheritance
429 Administration
42C Make, Create
42D Work, Toil
42E Craft, Trade
43 Agriculture
431 Gift Giving
432 Buying and Selling
435 Price and Value
436 Medium of Exchange;  457 Foreign Exchange
437 Exchange Transactions
438 Domestic Trade;  439 Foreign Trade
44 Animal Husbandry, Fishing
44 Animal Husbandry, Fishing;  1O Pastures and Cultivated Lands
440 Marketing;  441 Mercantile Business;  442 Wholesale Marketing;  443 Retail Marketing;  444 Retail Businesses;  445 Service Industries;  446 Sales Promotion;  447 Advertising
45 Building, Constructing;  7 Constructions;  7A Constructions
450 Finance
451 Accounting
452 Credit
454 Saving and Investment;  453 Banking
456 Insurance
46 Household Activities
460 Labor;  461 Labor and Leisure;  462 Division of Labor by Gender; Division of Labor by Sex;  463 Occupational Specialization;  464 Labor Supply and Employment;  465 Wages and Salaries;  466 Labor Relations;  467 Labor Organization;  468 Collective Bargaining;  890 Gender Roles and Issues
47 Activities Involving Liquids or Masses;  47A Movement of Liquids or Masses;  14E Events Involving Liquids and Dry Masses
470 Business and Industrial Organization;  471 Ownership and Control of Capital;  472 Individual Enterprise;  473 Corporate Organization;  474 Cooperative Organization;  475 State Enterprise;  476 Mutual Aid;  477 Competition
47B Use of Liquids
47C Application and Removal of Liquids or Masses;  79O Wet, Dry
48 Activities Involving Cloth
480 Travel and Transportation
481 Locomotion
482 Burden Carrying;  483 Weight Moving
484 Travel;  480 Travel and Transportation;  485 Travel Services;  486 Regulation of Travel;  487 Routes;  488 Warehousing;  489 Transportation;  167 External Migration; Immigration and Emigration
49 Activities Involving Clothing and Adorning
490 Land Transport;  491 Highways and Bridges;  492 Animal Transport;  493 Vehicles;  494 Highway Transport;  495 Auxiliary Highway Services;  496 Railways;  497 Rail Transport;  498 Terminal Facilities;  499 Highway and Railway Construction
4A Animals
4B Birds
4C Insects
4D Reptiles and Other 'Creeping Things'
4E Fishes and Other Sea Creatures
5
5 Foods and Condiments;  5A Food
5.1
5.1.1
5.1.1.1
5.1.1.2
5.1.1.3
5.1.1.4
5.1.2
5.2
5.2.1
5.2.1.1
5.2.1.2
5.2.1.2.1
5.2.1.2.2
5.2.1.2.3
5.2.1.3
5.2.1.4
5.2.1.5
5.2.2
5.2.2.1
5.2.2.2
5.2.2.3
5.2.2.4
5.2.2.5
5.2.2.6
5.2.2.7
5.2.2.8
5.2.2.9
5.2.3
5.2.3.1
5.2.3.1.1
5.2.3.1.2
5.2.3.1.3
5.2.3.1.4
5.2.3.1.5
5.2.3.2
5.2.3.2.1
5.2.3.2.2
5.2.3.2.3
5.2.3.3
5.2.3.3.1
5.2.3.3.2
5.2.3.3.3
5.2.3.3.4
5.2.3.3.5
5.2.3.4
5.2.3.5
5.2.3.6
5.2.3.7
5.2.3.7.1
5.2.3.7.2
5.2.4
5.2.5
5.2.6
5.3
5.3.1
5.3.2
5.3.3
5.3.4
5.3.5
5.3.6
5.3.7
5.3.8
5.3.9
5.4
5.4.1
5.4.2
5.4.3
5.4.3.1
5.4.3.2
5.4.3.3
5.4.3.4
5.4.3.5
5.4.3.6
5.4.4
5.4.5
5.4.6
5.4.6.1
5.4.7
5.5
5.5.1
5.5.2
5.5.3
5.5.4
5.5.5
5.5.6
5.5.7
5.6
5.6.1
5.6.2
5.6.3
5.6.4
5.6.5
5.6.6
5.7
5.7.1
5.7.2
5.7.3
5.8
5.9
50 Contests and Play
500 Water and Air Transport;  501 Boats;  502 Navigation;  503 Waterways Improvements;  504 Port Facilities;  505 Water Transport
507 Aviation;  506 Aircraft;  508 Airport Facilities;  509 Air Transport
51 Festivals
512 Daily Routine
513 Sleeping
514 Elimination
515 Personal Hygiene
516 Postures
517 Leisure Time Activities
52 Funerals and Burial
521 Conversation
522 Humor
524 Games
525 Gambling
526 Athletic Sports;  542 Commercialized Sports
527 Rest Days and Holidays;  528 Vacations
53 Religious Activities;  53A Religious Practice
530 Fine Arts;  531 Decorative Art;  5311 Visual Arts;  532 Representative Art;  543 Exhibitions
5310 Verbal Arts
533 Music;  545 Musical and Theatrical Productions
534 Musical Instruments
535 Dancing
536 Drama;  545 Musical and Theatrical Productions
537 Oratory;  544 Public Lectures
538 Literature;  539 Literary Texts;  900 Texts;  901 Texts in the Language of the Culture or Ethnic Group;  902 Texts Translated in English;  903 Interlinear Translations
53B Offering, Sacrifice
53F Dedicate, Consecrate
53G Worship, Reverence
53H Fasting
53J Magic
53K Exorcism
53L Sacrilege
54 Maritime Activities
540 Commercialized Entertainment;  520 Recreation;  517 Leisure Time Activities;  523 Hobbies;  529 Recreational Facilities;  541 Spectacles;  543 Exhibitions;  546 Motion Picture Industry;  547 Night Clubs and Cabarets;  548 Illegal Entertainment; Organized Vice
550 Individuation and Mobility;  554 Status, Role, and Prestige;  555 Talent Mobility;  557 Manipulative Mobility;  558 Downward Mobility
551 Personal Names
553 Naming;  552 Names of Animals and Things
555 Talent Mobility
556 Accumulation of Wealth
55B To Fight
55C Army
55D Soldiers, Officers
55E Prisoner of War
56 Courts and Legal Procedures
560 Social Stratification;  561 Age Stratification;  562 Gender Status; Sex Status;  563 Ethnic Stratification;  564 Castes;  565 Classes;  566 Serfdom and Peonage;  567 Slavery
561 Age Stratification
56A Court of Justice;  56B Lawsuit, Case
56D Judicial Hearing, Inquiry
56E Judge, Condemn, Acquit;  56F Obtain Justice;  56H Lead Off to Punishment
56G Attorney, Lawyer
57 Possess, Transfer, Exchange
570 Interpersonal Relations
571 Social Relationships and Groups
572 Friendships;  573 Cliques
574 Visiting and Hospitality
575 Sodalities
576 Etiquette
577 Ethics
578 Ingroup Antagonisms
579 Brawls, Riots and Banditry
57A Have, Possess, Property, Owner
57B Have Sufficient;  59E Enough, Sufficient
57C Be Rich, Be Wealthy
57D Treasure
57E Need, Lack
57F Be Poor, Be Needy, Poverty;  57S Be a Financial Burden
57G Take, Obtain, Gain, Lose
57H Give
57I Receive
57J Exchange
57K Spend, Waste
57L Pay, Price, Cost
57M Hire, Rent Out
57N Tax, Tribute
57O Sell, Buy, Price
57P Earn, Gain, Do Business
57P Earn, Gain, Do Business x
57R Owe, Debt, Cancel;  57Q Lend, Loan, Interest, Borrow, Bank
57T Keep Records
57U Steal, Rob
580 Marriage;  581 Basis of Marriage;  582 Regulation of Marriage;  583 Mode of Marriage;  587 Secondary Marriages;  588 Special Unions and Marriages; Irregular Unions;  595 Polygamy
583 Mode of Marriage;  584 Arranging a Marriage
585 Nuptials
586 Termination of Marriage
589 Celibacy
58A Nature, Character;  58C Basic Principles or Features Defining the Nature of Something
58B Appearance as an Outward Manifestation of Form
58D Class, Kind;  58 Nature, Class, Example
58E Same or Equivalent Kind or Class
58F Different Kind or Class
58G Distinctive, Unique
58H Unusual, Different From the Ordinary
58I Pattern, Model, Example, and Corresponding Representation;  58J Archetype, Corresponding Type
58K New, Old
59 Quantity
590 Family;  144 Racial Identification; Racial Affinities;  591 Residence;  592 Household;  593 Family Relationships;  594 Nuclear Family;  595 Polygamy;  596 Extended Families;  610 Kin Groups;  611 Rule of Descent;  612 Kindreds and Ramages;  613 Lineages;  614 Sibs;  615 Phratries;  616 Moieties;  617 Bilinear Kin Groups;  618 Clans;  619 Tribe and Nation
597 Adoption
59A Many, Few;  59B Much, Little;  59F Abundance, Excess, Sparing
59B Much, Little
59C All, Any, Each, Every
59D Full, Empty
59F Abundance, Excess, Sparing
59G Increase, Decrease
59H Add, Subtract
59H Add, Subtract x
5B Condiments
6
6 Artifacts;  6A Artifacts;  6W Miscellaneous
6.1
6.1.1
6.1.1.1
6.1.2
6.1.2.1
6.1.2.2
6.1.2.2.1
6.1.2.2.2
6.1.2.2.3
6.1.2.2.4
6.1.2.2.5
6.1.2.2.6
6.1.2.3
6.1.2.3.1
6.1.2.3.2
6.1.2.3.3
6.1.2.3.4
6.1.2.3.5
6.1.2.3.6
6.1.2.4
6.1.2.4.1
6.1.2.4.2
6.1.2.4.3
6.1.2.5
6.1.2.5.1
6.1.2.5.2
6.1.2.6
6.1.2.6.1
6.1.2.7
6.1.2.8
6.1.2.9
6.1.3
6.1.3.1
6.1.3.2
6.1.3.3
6.1.3.4
6.1.4
6.1.5
6.1.6
6.1.7
6.1.8
6.1.8.1
6.2
6.2.1
6.2.1.1
6.2.1.1.1
6.2.1.1.2
6.2.1.1.3
6.2.1.2
6.2.1.2.1
6.2.1.2.2
6.2.1.3
6.2.1.4
6.2.1.4.1
6.2.1.4.2
6.2.1.5
6.2.1.5.1
6.2.1.5.2
6.2.1.6
6.2.1.7
6.2.1.7.1
6.2.1.7.2
6.2.2
6.2.2.1
6.2.2.2
6.2.2.3
6.2.3
6.2.4
6.2.4.1
6.2.4.2
6.2.4.3
6.2.4.4
6.2.4.5
6.2.5
6.2.5.1
6.2.5.2
6.2.5.3
6.2.5.4
6.2.6
6.2.6.1
6.2.6.2
6.2.6.3
6.2.6.4
6.2.7
6.2.8
6.2.9
6.3
6.3.1
6.3.1.1
6.3.1.2
6.3.1.3
6.3.1.4
6.3.1.5
6.3.1.6
6.3.1.7
6.3.2
6.3.3
6.3.4
6.3.5
6.3.6
6.3.6.1
6.3.7
6.3.8
6.3.8.1
6.3.8.2
6.4
6.4.1
6.4.1.1
6.4.2
6.4.3
6.4.4
6.4.5
6.4.5.1
6.4.5.2
6.4.5.3
6.4.6
6.5
6.5.1
6.5.1.1
6.5.1.2
6.5.1.3
6.5.1.4
6.5.1.5
6.5.2
6.5.2.1
6.5.2.2
6.5.2.3
6.5.2.4
6.5.2.5
6.5.2.6
6.5.2.7
6.5.2.8
6.5.3
6.5.3.1
6.5.4
6.5.4.1
6.5.4.2
6.6
6.6.1
6.6.1.1
6.6.1.2
6.6.1.3
6.6.1.4
6.6.2
6.6.2.1
6.6.2.2
6.6.2.3
6.6.2.4
6.6.2.5
6.6.2.6
6.6.2.7
6.6.2.8
6.6.2.9
6.6.2.9.1
6.6.3
6.6.3.1
6.6.3.2
6.6.3.3
6.6.4
6.6.4.1
6.6.4.2
6.6.4.3
6.6.4.4
6.6.5
6.6.5.1
6.6.5.2
6.6.5.3
6.6.6
6.6.7
6.6.7.1
6.6.7.2
6.6.7.3
6.6.7.4
6.6.8
6.6.8.1
6.7
6.7.1
6.7.1.1
6.7.1.2
6.7.2
6.7.3
6.7.4
6.7.5
6.7.6
6.7.7
6.7.7.1
6.7.7.2
6.7.8
6.7.9
6.8
6.8.1
6.8.1.1
6.8.1.2
6.8.1.3
6.8.1.4
6.8.1.5
6.8.2
6.8.2.1
6.8.2.2
6.8.2.3
6.8.2.4
6.8.2.5
6.8.2.6
6.8.2.7
6.8.3
6.8.3.1
6.8.3.2
6.8.3.3
6.8.3.4
6.8.4
6.8.4.1
6.8.4.2
6.8.4.3
6.8.4.3.1
6.8.4.3.2
6.8.4.3.3
6.8.4.4
6.8.4.5
6.8.4.6
6.8.4.7
6.8.4.8
6.8.4.9
6.8.5
6.8.5.1
6.8.5.2
6.8.5.3
6.8.5.4
6.8.5.5
6.8.6
6.8.6.1
6.8.7
6.8.8
6.8.9
6.8.9.1
6.8.9.2
6.8.9.3
6.8.9.4
6.8.9.5
6.8.9.6
6.9
6.9.1
6.9.2
6.9.3
6.9.4
6.9.5
6.9.6
60 Number;  60A Number, Countless
600 Kinship;  601 Kinship Terminology
602 Kin Relationships
603 Grandparents and Grandchildren
604 Avuncular and Nepotic Relatives
605 Cousins
606 Parents-in-Law and Children-in-Law;  607 Siblings-in-Law
608 Artificial Kin Relationships;  609 Behavior Toward Non-relatives
60B One, Two, Three, Etc.
60C First, Second, Third, Etc.
60D Half, Third, Fourth
60E Once, Twice, Three Times, Etc. x
60F Double, Four Times As Much, Etc.
60G Pair, Group
61 Sequence
62 Arrange, Organize;  62A Put Together, Arrange
620 Community
621 Community Structure;  628 Inter-community Relations;  629 Inter-ethnic Relations;  642 Constitution
622 Community Heads; Headmen;  624 Local Officials
623 Councils;  646 Parliament;  647 Administrative Agencies
625 Police
626 Social Control;  650 Government Activities;  653 Public Works;  654 Research and Development;  655 Government Enterprises;  656 Government Regulation;  657 Public Welfare;  658 Public Education;  659 Miscellaneous Government Activities;  744 Public Health and Sanitation;  745 Social Insurance;  746 Public Assistance
627 Informal In-group Justice
62B Organize
63 Whole, Unite, Part, Divide;  63A Whole
630 Territorial Organization;  631 Territorial Hierarchy;  634 Districts;  635 Provinces;  636 Dependencies
632 Towns;  633 Cities;  360 Settlements;  361 Settlement Patterns;  362 Housing;  369 Urban and Rural Life
63B Unite
63C Mix
63D Part
63E Remnant
63F Divide
63G Separate;  15N Disperse, Scatter
64 Comparison
640 State
641 Citizenship;  160 Demography;  161 Population;  162 Composition of Population;  163 Birth Statistics;  164 Morbidity;  165 Mortality;  168 Population Policy
643 Chief Executive;  644 Executive Household
645 Cabinet
648 International Relations
65 Value;  65A Valuable, Lacking in Value;  65B Worthy, Not Worthy
651 Taxation and Public Income;  652 Public Finance
65C Good, Bad;  88A Goodness
65D Useful, Useless;  65E Advantageous, Not Advantageous
65F Important, Unimportant
66 Proper, Improper
660 Political Behavior;  661 Exploitation;  662 Political Intrigue;  663 Public Service;  664 Pressure Politics;  665 Political Parties;  667 Political Machines;  668 Political Movements
666 Elections
669 Revolution
67 Points of Time;  67B A Point of Time with Reference to Other Points of Time: Before, Long Ago, Now, At the Same Time, When, About, After
67 Points of Time;  67D A Point of Time with Reference to Units of Time: Daybreak, Midday, Midnight, Late
67 Time
67 Units of Time;  67H Indefinite Units of Time: Age, Lifetime, Interval, Period;  67I Definite Units of Time: Year, Month, Week, Day, Hour
670 Law
671 Legal Norms
674 Crime;  677 Organized Crime;  672 Liability;  673 Wrongs
675 Contracts
676 Agency
67A A Point of Time without Reference to Other Points of Time: Time, Occasion, Ever, Often
67C A Point of Time with Reference to Duration of Time: Beginning, End
67E Duration of Time without Reference to Points or Units of Time: Time, Spend Time, Always, Eternal, Old, Immediately, Young
67G Duration of Time with Reference to Some Unit of Time: During, In, While, Throughout
67J Units of Time with Reference to Other Units or Points of Time: Yesterday, Today, Next Day
68 Aspect;  67 Duration of Time;  67F Duration of Time with Reference to Some Point of Time: Until, Delay, Still, From
680 Offenses and Sanctions;  682 Offenses against Life;  683 Offenses against the Person;  684 Sex and Marital Offenses;  685 Property Offenses;  686 Nonfulfillment of Obligations;  687 Offenses against the State;  688 Religious Offenses;  689 Social Offenses
681 Sanctions
684 Sex and Marital Offenses;  834 General Sex Restrictions;  835 Kinship Regulation of Sex;  836 Premarital Sex Relations;  837 Extramarital Sex Relations;  838 Homosexuality;  839 Miscellaneous Sex Behavior
68A Begin, Start
68B Continue
68C Complete, Finish, Succeed
68D Cease, Stop
68E Try, Attempt
68G Rapidity, Suddenness
691 Litigation;  690 Justice;  692 Judicial Authority;  693 Legal and Judicial Personnel;  694 Initiation of Judicial Proceedings;  695 Trial Procedure;  696 Execution of Justice
697 Prisons and Jails
698 Special Courts
69A Affirmation;  69 Affirmation, Negation
69B Negation;  69C Negation Combined with Clitics
69D Markers for an Affirmative Response to Questions
69E Markers for an Negative Response to Questions
6B Instruments Used in Agriculture and Husbandry
6C Instruments used in Fishing
6D Instruments Used in Binding and Fastening
6E Traps, Snares
6F Instruments Used in Punishment and Execution
6G Weapons and Armor;  55A To Arm
6H Boats and Parts of Boats
6I Vehicles
6K Money and Monetary Units
6L Musical Instruments
6M Images and Idols
6N Lights and Light Holders
6O Furniture
6P Containers
6Q Cloth, Leather, and Objects Made of Such Materials
6R Adornments
6S Plant Products;  3F Wood and Wood Products
6T Medicines
6U Perfumes and Incense;  47C Application and Removal of Liquids or Masses
7
7.1
7.1.1
7.1.2
7.1.3
7.1.4
7.1.5
7.1.6
7.1.7
7.1.7.1
7.1.8
7.1.9
7.2
7.2.1
7.2.1.1
7.2.1.1.1
7.2.1.1.2
7.2.1.1.3
7.2.1.2
7.2.1.2.1
7.2.1.3
7.2.1.4
7.2.1.4.1
7.2.1.5
7.2.1.5.1
7.2.1.6
7.2.1.6.1
7.2.1.7
7.2.2
7.2.2.1
7.2.2.2
7.2.2.3
7.2.2.4
7.2.2.5
7.2.2.5.1
7.2.2.6
7.2.2.7
7.2.2.8
7.2.2.9
7.2.3
7.2.3.1
7.2.3.2
7.2.3.2.1
7.2.3.3
7.2.3.3.1
7.2.3.4
7.2.3.4.1
7.2.3.5
7.2.3.6
7.2.4
7.2.4.1
7.2.4.1.1
7.2.4.1.2
7.2.4.2
7.2.4.2.1
7.2.4.2.2
7.2.4.2.3
7.2.4.3
7.2.4.4
7.2.4.5
7.2.4.6
7.2.4.7
7.2.4.8
7.2.5
7.2.5.1
7.2.5.2
7.2.5.3
7.2.5.4
7.2.6
7.2.6.1
7.2.6.2
7.2.6.3
7.2.6.4
7.2.7
7.2.7.1
7.2.7.2
7.2.7.3
7.2.8
7.3
7.3.1
7.3.1.1
7.3.1.2
7.3.1.3
7.3.1.4
7.3.1.5
7.3.2
7.3.2.1
7.3.2.2
7.3.2.3
7.3.2.4
7.3.2.4.1
7.3.2.5
7.3.2.6
7.3.2.7
7.3.2.8
7.3.2.9
7.3.3
7.3.3.1
7.3.3.2
7.3.3.3
7.3.3.4
7.3.3.5
7.3.4
7.3.4.1
7.3.4.2
7.3.4.3
7.3.4.4
7.3.4.5
7.3.4.6
7.3.4.7
7.3.5
7.3.6
7.3.6.1
7.3.6.2
7.3.6.3
7.3.7
7.3.7.1
7.3.7.2
7.3.7.3
7.3.8
7.4
7.4.1
7.4.2
7.4.3
7.4.4
7.4.5
7.4.5.1
7.4.5.2
7.4.6
7.5
7.5.1
7.5.1.1
7.5.1.2
7.5.1.3
7.5.2
7.5.2.1
7.5.2.2
7.5.2.3
7.5.2.4
7.5.3
7.5.3.1
7.5.4
7.5.4.1
7.5.4.2
7.5.5
7.5.5.1
7.5.6
7.5.7
7.5.8
7.5.9
7.5.9.1
7.5.9.2
7.6
7.6.1
7.6.2
7.6.3
7.7
7.7.1
7.7.2
7.7.3
7.7.4
7.7.5
7.7.6
7.7.7
7.8
7.8.1
7.8.2
7.8.3
7.8.4
7.8.5
7.8.6
7.9
7.9.1
7.9.2
7.9.3
7.9.4
70 Real, Unreal;  73 Genuine, Phony
700 Armed Forces;  701 Military Organization;  702 Recruitment and Training;  703 Discipline and Morale;  704 Ground Combat Forces;  705 Supply and Commissariat;  708 Auxiliary Corps
704 Ground Combat Forces
706 Navy
707 Air Forces
71 Mode
71A Possible, Impossible
71B Probable, Improbable
71C Certain, Uncertain
71D Should, Ought
71E Necessary, Unnecessary
72 True, False;  72A True, False;  72B Accurate, Inaccurate
720 War;  726 Warfare;  721 Instigation of War;  722 Wartime Adjustments;  723 Strategy;  724 Logistics;  725 Tactics;  727 Aftermath of Combat;  729 War Veterans
728 Peacemaking
730 Social Problems;  732 Disabilities; Handicapped;  733 Alcoholism and Drug Addiction;  734 Invalidism;  735 Poverty;  736 Dependency;  737 Old Age Dependency;  738 Delinquency
731 Disasters
732 Disabilities; Handicapped;  734 Invalidism
735 Poverty
74 Able, Capable
740 Health and Welfare;  741 Philanthropic Foundations;  747 Private Welfare Agencies
742 Medical Research;  751 Preventive Medicine;  757 Medical Therapy;  758 Medical Care
743 Hospitals and Clinics
748 Social Work
75 Adequate, Qualified;  68F Do Intensely or Extensively
750 Sickness
751 Preventive Medicine;  278 Pharmaceuticals
752 Bodily Injuries
754 Sorcery;  755 Magical and Mental Therapy
759 Medical Personnel
76 Power, Force
761 Life and Death;  159 Life History Materials
762 Suicide
764 Burial Practices and Funerals
765 Mourning;  768 Social Readjustments to Death;  769 Cult of the Dead
766 Special Burial Practices and Funerals; Deviant Mortuary Practices;  767 Mortuary Specialists
769 Cult of the Dead
77 Ready, Prepared
770 Religious Beliefs;  771 General Character of Religion
772 Cosmology;  130 Geography
772 Cosmology;  775 Eschatology
774 Animism
776 Spirits and Gods
777 Luck and Chance
778 Sacred Objects and Places
778 Sacred Objects and Places;  346 Religious and Educational Structures
779 Theological Systems;  770 Religious Beliefs;  772 Cosmology;  773 Mythology;  774 Animism;  775 Eschatology
779 Theological Systems;  790 Ecclesiastical Organization;  794 Congregations;  795 Religious Denominations; Sects;  797 Missions
78 Degree;  78E Up to, As Much As, To the Degree That
780 Religious Practices;  781 Religious Experience;  786 Ecstatic Religious Practices; Orgies
782 Prayers and Sacrifices; Propitiation;  782 Propitiation
783 Purification and Atonement; Purification and Expiation;  783 Purification and Expiation;  688 Religious Offenses
784 Avoidance and Taboo
785 Asceticism
787 Revelation and Divination
789 Magic;  754 Sorcery;  755 Magical and Mental Therapy
78A Much, Little
78B More Than, Less Than
78C About, Approximately, Almost, Hardly
78D Completely, Enough
79 Features of Objects
791 Magicians and Diviners;  792 Prophets and Ascetics; Holy Men;  793 Priesthood
796 Organized Ceremonial;  788 Ritual;  786 Ecstatic religious practices; Orgies
798 Religious Intolerance
79A' Rolled up
79A Physical, Spiritual;  79B Natural, Spiritual
79B' Large, Small
79B Natural, Spiritual
79C' Perfect;  88D Perfect, Perfection
79C Solid, Liquid
79D Beautiful, Ugly
79E Glorious
79F Transparent
79G Color
79J Clean, Dirty;  79K Spotted, Spotless
79L Blemished, Unblemished
79M Strong, Weak
79N Hot, Lukewarm, Cold
79O Wet, Dry;  47C Application and Removal of Liquids or Masses;  79O Wet, Dry
79P Uneven, Level
79Q Straight, Crooked
79S Sharp
79T Pure, Unadulterated, Undiluted
79U Soft, Tender
79V Male, Female
79W Shapes;  79R Two-Dimensional and Three-Dimensional Shapes
79X Open, Closed
79Y Covered Over
79Z Wrapped
7B Buildings;  7D Open Constructions
7C Parts and Areas of Buildings
7E Constructions for Holding Water
7F Walls and Fences
7G Miscellaneous Constructions
7H Building Materials
8
8 Body, Body Parts, and Body Products;  8A Body;  8B Parts of the Body
8.1
8.1.1
8.1.1.1
8.1.1.1.1
8.1.1.1.2
8.1.1.2
8.1.1.3
8.1.1.4
8.1.1.5
8.1.1.6
8.1.1.7
8.1.2
8.1.2.1
8.1.2.2
8.1.2.3
8.1.2.4
8.1.2.5
8.1.3
8.1.3.1
8.1.3.2
8.1.3.3
8.1.4
8.1.4.1
8.1.4.2
8.1.4.3
8.1.5
8.1.5.1
8.1.5.2
8.1.5.3
8.1.5.4
8.1.5.5
8.1.5.6
8.1.5.7
8.1.5.8
8.1.5.8.1
8.1.5.9
8.1.6
8.1.6.1
8.1.6.2
8.1.7
8.1.7.1
8.1.7.2
8.1.7.3
8.1.7.4
8.1.8
8.1.8.1
8.2
8.2.1
8.2.2
8.2.2.1
8.2.2.2
8.2.2.3
8.2.3
8.2.3.1
8.2.3.2
8.2.3.3
8.2.4
8.2.4.1
8.2.5
8.2.5.1
8.2.6
8.2.6.1
8.2.6.2
8.2.6.3
8.2.6.4
8.2.6.5
8.2.7
8.2.7.1
8.2.7.2
8.2.7.3
8.2.8
8.2.9
8.2.9.1
8.2.9.2
8.3
8.3.1
8.3.1.1
8.3.1.2
8.3.1.3
8.3.1.3.1
8.3.1.4
8.3.1.4.1
8.3.1.4.2
8.3.1.5
8.3.1.5.1
8.3.1.5.2
8.3.1.5.3
8.3.1.6
8.3.1.6.1
8.3.1.6.2
8.3.1.6.3
8.3.1.7
8.3.1.8
8.3.1.8.1
8.3.1.9
8.3.2
8.3.2.1
8.3.2.2
8.3.2.3
8.3.2.3.1
8.3.2.4
8.3.2.5
8.3.3
8.3.3.1
8.3.3.1.1
8.3.3.1.2
8.3.3.2
8.3.3.2.1
8.3.3.3
8.3.3.3.1
8.3.3.3.2
8.3.3.3.3
8.3.3.3.4
8.3.3.3.5
8.3.3.3.6
8.3.3.3.7
8.3.3.4
8.3.4
8.3.4.1
8.3.5
8.3.5.1
8.3.5.2
8.3.5.2.1
8.3.5.2.2
8.3.5.2.3
8.3.5.2.4
8.3.5.2.5
8.3.5.2.6
8.3.5.3
8.3.5.3.1
8.3.5.3.2
8.3.5.3.3
8.3.5.3.4
8.3.5.4
8.3.5.5
8.3.5.6
8.3.6
8.3.6.1
8.3.6.2
8.3.6.3
8.3.6.4
8.3.6.5
8.3.7
8.3.7.1
8.3.7.2
8.3.7.2.1
8.3.7.3
8.3.7.4
8.3.7.5
8.3.7.5.1
8.3.7.6
8.3.7.7
8.3.7.7.1
8.3.7.7.2
8.3.7.7.3
8.3.7.8
8.3.7.8.1
8.3.7.8.2
8.3.7.8.3
8.3.7.8.4
8.3.7.9
8.3.8
8.3.8.1
8.3.8.2
8.4
8.4.1
8.4.1.1
8.4.1.2
8.4.1.2.1
8.4.1.2.2
8.4.1.2.3
8.4.1.3
8.4.1.3.1
8.4.1.4
8.4.1.4.1
8.4.1.5
8.4.1.6
8.4.1.7
8.4.1.8
8.4.2
8.4.2.1
8.4.2.2
8.4.2.3
8.4.2.4
8.4.3
8.4.4
8.4.4.1
8.4.4.2
8.4.5
8.4.5.1
8.4.5.1.1
8.4.5.1.2
8.4.5.1.3
8.4.5.1.4
8.4.5.1.5
8.4.5.1.6
8.4.5.2
8.4.5.2.1
8.4.5.2.2
8.4.5.2.3
8.4.5.3
8.4.5.3.1
8.4.5.3.2
8.4.5.3.3
8.4.5.3.4
8.4.5.3.5
8.4.6
8.4.6.1
8.4.6.1.1
8.4.6.1.2
8.4.6.1.3
8.4.6.1.4
8.4.6.1.5
8.4.6.2
8.4.6.2.1
8.4.6.3
8.4.6.3.1
8.4.6.4
8.4.6.4.1
8.4.6.4.2
8.4.6.4.3
8.4.6.4.4
8.4.6.5
8.4.6.5.1
8.4.6.5.2
8.4.6.5.3
8.4.6.5.4
8.4.6.5.5
8.4.6.5.6
8.4.6.6
8.4.6.6.1
8.4.6.6.2
8.4.6.6.3
8.4.6.6.4
8.4.6.6.5
8.4.6.6.6
8.4.7
8.4.7.1
8.4.7.2
8.4.7.3
8.4.8
8.4.8.1
8.4.8.2
8.4.8.3
8.5
8.5.1
8.5.1.1
8.5.1.1.1
8.5.1.2
8.5.1.2.1
8.5.1.2.2
8.5.1.3
8.5.1.3.1
8.5.1.3.2
8.5.1.4
8.5.1.4.1
8.5.1.5
8.5.1.5.1
8.5.1.6
8.5.1.7
8.5.2
8.5.2.1
8.5.2.2
8.5.2.3
8.5.2.4
8.5.2.5
8.5.2.6
8.5.2.7
8.5.2.8
8.5.3
8.5.3.1
8.5.4
8.5.4.1
8.5.4.2
8.5.4.3
8.5.4.4
8.5.5
8.5.6
8.6
8.6.1
8.6.1.1
8.6.2
8.6.2.1
8.6.3
8.6.4
8.6.4.1
8.6.5
8.6.6
8.6.7
80 Space;  80A Space, Place
800 Numbers and Measures
801 Numerology;  802 Numeration
803 Mathematics
804 Weights and Measures
805 Ordering of Time
80A Space, Place
80B Limits, Boundaries of Space
81 Spatial Dimensions;  81A Measure, To Measure;  6V Instruments for Measuring
81B High, Low, Deep
81C Long, Short, Far
81C Long, Short, Far;  81F Specific Measures of Length
81D Narrow, Wide
81E Specific Measures of Volume
82 Spatial Orientation;  82B Left, Right, Straight Ahead, Opposite
82A North, South, East, West
83 Spatial Positions;  83B Where, Somewhere, Everywhere
830 Sex;  831 Sexuality;  832 Sexual Stimulation;  833 Sexual Intercourse
83A Here, There
83C Among, Between, In, Inside
83D Around, About, Outside
83E At, Beside, Near, Far
83E At, Beside, Near, Far x
83F In Front Of, Face To Face, In Back Of, Behind
83G Opposite, Over Against, Across From, Offshore From;  83J Beyond, On the Other Side Of
83H On, Upon, On the Surface Of
83I Above, Below
841 Menstruation
843 Pregnancy;  842 Conception
845 Difficult and Unusual Births
847 Abortion and Infanticide;  168 Population Policy
848 Illegitimacy
850 Infancy and Childhood
852 Ceremonial During Infancy and Childhood;  851 Social Placement
853 Infant Feeding;  854 Infant Care;  862 Weaning and Food Training
855 Child Care;  860 Socialization;  861 Techniques of Inculcation;  862 Weaning and Food Training;  863 Cleanliness Training;  864 Sex Training;  865 Aggression Training;  866 Independence Training;  867 Transmission of Cultural Norms;  868 Transmission of Skills;  869 Transmission of Beliefs
857 Childhood Activities;  858 Status of Children
85A Be in a Place;  83E At, Beside, Near, Far;  85 Existence in Space
85B Put, Place
85C Remain, Stay
85D Leave in a Place
85E Dwell, Reside
86 Weight;  86B Pound, Talent
86A Heavy, Light
87 Status;  87A Position, Rank
870 Education;  871 Educational System;  872 Elementary Education;  873 Liberal Arts Education;  874 Vocational Education;  875 Teachers;  876 Educational Theory and Methods;  877 Students
87B Honor or Respect in Relation to Status
87C High Status or Rank
87D Low Status or Rank
87E Slave, Free
881 Puberty and Initiation
881 Puberty and Initiation;  882 Status of Adolescents;  883 Adolescent Activities;  884 Majority
885 Adulthood
886 Senescence;  887 Activities of the Aged;  888 Status and Treatment of the Aged
88A' Arrogance, Haughtiness, Pride
88B' Stubbornness
88B Just, Righteous;  88C Holy, Pure;  41C Particular Patterns of Behavior
88C' Hypocrisy, Pretense
88C Holy, Pure;  53C Purify, Cleanse;  53D Defiled, Unclean, Common;  53E Baptize
88D' Show Favoritism, Prejudice
88D Perfect, Perfection;  88F Modesty, Propriety
88E' Being a Busybody
88F' Laziness, Idleness
88F Modesty, Propriety;  88G Humility
88H' Impurity;  88T Act Shamefully;  88I' Licentiousness, Perversion;  88L' Sin, Wrongdoing, Guilt
88H Gentleness, Mildness
88I Kindness, Harshness;  35 Help, Care For
88J' Sexual Misbehavior
88J Mercy, Merciless
88K' Drunkenness
88K Self-Control, Lack of Self-Control
88K Self-Control, Lack of Self-Control;  88G' Extravagant Living, Intemperate Living
88L Sensible Behavior, Senseless Behavior
88M Mature Behavior
88N Peaceful Behavior
88O Bad, Evil, Harmful, Damaging
88P Treat Badly
88Q Act Harshly
88R Act Lawlessly
88S Exploit
88U Mislead, Lead Astray, Deceive
88V Envy, Jealousy
88X Anger, Be Indignant With;  25P Offend, Be Offended;  88W Resentful, Hold a Grudge Against
88Y Despise, Scorn, Contempt
88Z Hate, Hateful
88Z Hate, Hateful;  25Q Abhor
89 Relations;  89A Relation
89B Dependency
89C Derivation
89D Specification
89E Relations Involving Correspondence
89F Basis
89G Cause and/or Reason
89H Result
89I Purpose
89J Condition
89K Concession
89L Means
89M Attendant Circumstances
89N Manner
89O Sequential Addition
89P Distribution
89Q Addition
89R Linkage
89S Equivalence
89U Dissociation
89V Combinative Relation
89W Contrast
89X Alternative Relation
89Y Substance
8C Physiological Products of the Body;  23 Physiological Processes and States
9
9 People;  9A Human Beings
9.1
9.1.1
9.1.1.1
9.1.1.2
9.1.1.3
9.1.1.4
9.1.2
9.1.2.1
9.1.2.2
9.1.2.3
9.1.2.4
9.1.2.5
9.1.2.6
9.1.2.7
9.1.3
9.1.3.1
9.1.3.2
9.1.4
9.1.5
9.2
9.2.1
9.2.2
9.2.3
9.2.3.1
9.2.3.2
9.2.3.3
9.2.3.4
9.2.3.5
9.2.3.6
9.2.4
9.2.5
9.2.5.1
9.2.5.2
9.2.5.3
9.2.6
9.2.6.1
9.2.7
9.2.8
9.2.9
9.2.9.1
9.2.9.2
9.2.9.3
9.3
9.3.1
9.3.1.1
9.3.1.2
9.3.1.3
9.3.1.4
9.3.2
9.3.3
9.3.4
9.3.5
9.4
9.4.1
9.4.1.1
9.4.1.2
9.4.1.3
9.4.1.4
9.4.2
9.4.2.1
9.4.2.2
9.4.2.3
9.4.3
9.4.3.1
9.4.3.2
9.4.3.3
9.4.4
9.4.4.1
9.4.4.2
9.4.4.3
9.4.4.4
9.4.4.5
9.4.4.6
9.4.4.6.1
9.4.4.6.2
9.4.4.6.3
9.4.4.7
9.4.4.8
9.4.4.9
9.4.5
9.4.5.1
9.4.6
9.4.6.1
9.4.6.2
9.4.6.3
9.4.7
9.4.8
9.5
9.5.1
9.5.1.1
9.5.1.2
9.5.1.3
9.5.1.4
9.5.1.5
9.5.1.6
9.5.1.6.1
9.5.1.6.2
9.5.1.6.3
9.5.1.6.4
9.5.2
9.5.2.1
9.5.2.2
9.5.2.3
9.5.2.4
9.5.2.5
9.5.3
9.5.3.1
9.5.3.2
9.5.3.3
9.6
9.6.1
9.6.1.1
9.6.1.2
9.6.1.3
9.6.1.4
9.6.1.5
9.6.1.5.1
9.6.1.5.2
9.6.1.6
9.6.1.7
9.6.1.8
9.6.2
9.6.2.1
9.6.2.2
9.6.2.2.1
9.6.2.3
9.6.2.4
9.6.2.5
9.6.2.5.1
9.6.2.5.2
9.6.2.6
9.6.2.6.1
9.6.2.7
9.6.2.7.1
9.6.2.8
9.6.2.9
9.6.3
9.6.3.1
9.6.3.2
9.6.3.3
9.6.3.4
9.6.3.5
9.6.3.6
9.6.3.7
9.6.3.8
9.7
9.7.1
9.7.1.1
9.7.1.2
9.7.1.3
9.7.1.4
9.7.1.5
9.7.1.6
9.7.1.7
9.7.2
9.7.2.1
9.7.2.2
9.7.2.3
9.7.2.4
9.7.2.5
9.7.2.6
9.7.2.7
9.7.2.8
9.7.2.9
9.7.3
9.7.3.1
9.7.3.2
90 Case;  90A Agent, Personal or Nonpersonal, Causative or Immediate, Direct or Indirect;  90C Source of Event or Activity;  90D Responsibility;  90E Viewpoint Participant;  90F Content;  90G Guarantor Participant with Oaths;  90H Opposition;  90J Reason Participant;  90K Agent of a Numerable Event;  90L Agent in a Causative Role Marked by Verbs;  90M Experiencer;  90N To Cause To Experience
90B Instrument
90I Benefaction
91 Discourse Markers
91A Markers of Transition
91B Markers of Emphasis
91C Prompters of Attention
91D Markers of Direct Address
91E Markers of Identificational and Explanatory Clauses
92 Discourse Referentials;  92A Speaker;  92B Speaker and Those Associated with the Speaker;  92C Receptor, Receptors;  92D Whom or What Spoken or Written About;  92H Emphatic Adjunct
92E Reciprocal Reference
92F Relative Reference
92G Demonstrative or Deictic Reference
93 Names of Persons and Places
93B Places
9B Males
9B Males;  9C Females
9C Females
9D Children
9E Persons For Whom There Is Affectionate Concern;  93A Persons
a <piece> of bread
A bark<ing> dog (kept me awake last night).;  The dog<'s> bark<ing> (woke me up).;  The bark<ing> <of> a dog (woke me up).;  (John told me) <to> wake him up at 6 a.m.;  I want <to> do something.;  He started do<ing> something.
a catch of fish
a cup <of> milk
A ghost cannot take <physical> form.
a good/bad/hard life, a life of crime/poverty, a miserable/lonely existence, lead a good/bad/hard life, live well/happily, 
a length of, 
a little, a bit of, a small amount of, trace, trickle, dab, an element of, a touch of, a hint of, taste of, dearth, grain, hair, inappreciable, inconsequential, inconsiderable, infinitesimal, insignificant, iota, limited, minimum, minute, mite, moderate, modest, modicum, ounce, particle, poor, scant, scanty, scintilla, shred, slight, smidgen, some, speck, spoonful, suggestion, suspicion, tidbit, tinge, tiny, trifle, whit
a little, a drop of, pinch, dash, mouthful, in moderation, meager
A long time
a lot of, lots of, a great deal of, a good deal of, a fair bit of, a fair amount of, much, loads of, tons of, masses of, scads of, piles of, heaps of, stacks of, a mountain of, extensive, widespread, big amount, lots and lots, 
a lot of, lots of, many, many of, a large number of, large numbers of, plenty of, loads of, tons of, masses of, scads of, a bunch of, dozens of, numerous, a host of, quite a few, a wide range of, a raft of, multi-, multiple, a multitude of, considerable, goodly number, plethora, profuse, oodles, scores of, 
a lot, a good deal, a great deal, quite a bit, plenty, heavy, 
a minority of, 
a scattering (of something), Diaspora
A short time
a tight squeeze, barely enough room, close fit, 
a trickle, in dribs and drabs, in ones and twos, 
a weight, 
a, an, the, this, these, that, those, specific, 
aardvark
abacus, almanac, beam, calendar, caliper, chain, chronometer, clock, compass, dial, gauge, instrument, level, line, micrometer, plumb, protractor, quadrant, rod, rule, ruler, sextant, square, straightedge, tape, tapeline, thermometer, watch, yardstick, 
Abandon
abandon, dump, jettison, leave, leave behind, 
abandoned child, waif, street kid, 
abandoned, forgotten, forsaken, marooned
abandoned, forsaken, derelict, uncared-for, 
abandonment, dereliction, desertion, 
abbreviation, abbreviate, be short for, for short, stand for, contraction, 
abdicate, resign, overthrow, leave office, 
ability, capability, prowess, 
ability, capacity, circumspection, cleverness, competence, cunning, discernment, discretion, discrimination, insight, intelligence, IQ, judgment, knowledge, philosophy, profundity, prudence, rationality, reasoning, sagacity, sanity, sense, sensibility, shrewdness, smarts, sophistication, understanding, wisdom, wit
abominable, blameworthy, deplorable, despicable, detestable, dishonorable, execrable, lamentable, reprehensible, unsatisfactory, 
abomination, execration, 
Aborigine, African, Arab, Asian, American Indian, Caucasian, Hispanic, Indian, Latin American, Native American, 
abortion, abort, have an abortion, terminate a pregnancy, 
about time too, what time do you call this? where have you been? better late than never
about, approximately, roughly, give or take, at a guess, somewhere in the region of, an estimated, some, something like, in round numbers, close to, 
about, around, approximately, round about, or thereabouts, circa, some time, 
about, around, in the vicinity of, near, close to, 
about, on, concerning, on the subject of, regarding, re, with regard to, in, of, 
Above
above, aforementioned, foregoing,  
above, higher than, over, overhang, up above, super-, supra-, on high, 
abracadabra, open sesame, 
abroad, overseas, 
Absent
absentee, truant, missing person, no-show, 
absinthe, acacia, agave, anemone, arbutus, arrowhead, arrowroot, artemisia, arum, asparagus, aster, banana, bean, beet, begonia, belladonna, bellflower, bindweed, bluebell, broccoli, burdock, buttercup, cabbage, carnation, carrot, cassava, cattail, celery, chard, chickpea, chickweed, chive, chrysanthemum, clematis, collard, columbine, corn, cosmos, crocus, cucumber, cyclamen, daffodil, dahlia, daisy, dandelion, delphinium, dock, dogbane, duckweed, eggplant, endive, everlasting, figwort, fireweed, flax, flower, forget-me-not, fritillaria, fuchsia, garbanzo, garlic, gentian, geranium, gladiola, gladiolus, globeflower, goldenrod, glory, grapevine, greenbrier, groundsel, heather, hibiscus, hollyhock, hyacinth, honeysuckle, hop, holly, hyssop, indigo, iris, ivy, jasmine, jonquil, kale, knotweed, hydrangea, larkspur, lavender, leek, lespedeza, lettuce, liana, lily, lobelia, lotus, locoweed, lupine, maguey, mallow, manioc, marguerite, marigold, mayflower, mescal, mignonette, milkweed, monkshood, mustard, narcissus, nasturtium, nettle, okra, oleaster, onion, orchid, paintbrush, pansy, pea, peanut, pennycress, peony, pepper, periwinkle, petunia, pigweed, phlox, pimpernel, plantain, poinsettia, pokeweed, poppy, potato, primrose, radish, ragweed, ranunculus, rhododendron, rue, rutabaga, sagebrush, sandbur, seaweed, smilax, soybean, sedge, spinach, spiraea, spirea, squash, stinkweed, strawberry, strawflower, sundew, sunflower, thistle, tobacco, tomato, tulip, tumbleweed, turnip, vegetable, verbena, vervain, vetch, vine, viola, violet, wallflower, watermelon, william, wisteria, wormwood, yam, yucca
absolute, assurance, assured, can, certain, certainly, certitude, clear, decided, decisive, definite, doubtless, established, fixed, guaranteed, incalculable, incontestable, incontrovertible, indisputable, indubitable, ineluctable, inevitable, infallible, inescapable, inevitable, irrefragable, irrefutable, positive, really, set, settled, single-minded, sure, sureness, trustworthy, unarguable, unavoidable, undeniable, unequivocal, unmistakable, unquestionable, 
absorb, blot, daub, soak up, sponge, sop, mop up, wipe up
absorbent, porous
abstain (from sex), abstinence, restraint, celibacy, chastity, continence, honor, purity, virtue, 
abstain, behave, behave yourself, constrain, contain yourself, control yourself, discipline yourself, forbear, forgo, restrain yourself, say no, tolerate, 
absurd, impenetrable, impervious, inaccessible, inoperable, insurmountable, no chance, no earthly way, outlandish, preposterous, ridiculous, unable, unachievable, unapproachable, undoable, unfeasible, unimaginable, unworkable,  
absurdity, nonsense, 
abuse, 
abuse, misuse
abuse, sexual abuse, molest, molestation, pedophile, pederast, pederasty, 
abutting, adjoining, contiguous
acacia, alder, almond, apple, apricot, ash, aspen, avocado, azalea, balsa, balsam, banyan, bayberry, beech, betel nut, birch, blackberry, blueberry, box, boxwood, Brazil, breadfruit, broom, camellia, cashew, cassia, catalpa, cedar, cherry, chestnut, chinaberry, cinnamon, cinchona, citron, citrus, clove, coca, coconut, coffee, cornel, cottonwood, cranberry, currant, cypress, date, dogwood, ebony, elder, elm, eucalyptus, fig, fir, forsythia, gardenia, gingko, grapefruit, guava, gum, hawthorn, hazel, hazelnut, hemlock, henna, hickory, ironwood, juniper, jute, kumquat, laburnum, larch, laurel, lemon, lignum, lilac, lime, linden, litchi, locust, magnolia, mahogany, mango, mangrove, manzanita, maple, marihuana, marijuana, mesquite, mimosa, mistletoe, mulberry, myrtle, nutmeg, oak, oleander, olive, orange, papaw, papaya, persimmon, peach, pear, pecan, persimmon, pine, pistachio, plane, plum, poinciana, pomegranate, poplar, quince, redwood, rosewood, sandalwood, sapling, sassafras, satinwood, saxifrage, scrub, senna, sequoia, sisal, spruce, spurge, stinkwood, sumac, sycamore, tamarack, tamarind, tamarisk, tangerine, teak, walnut, upas, willow, yew, ylang-ylang
academician, genius, highbrow, illuminati, intellectual, literati, magus, philosopher, priest, prodigy, sage, scholar, scholastic, thinker, able thinker, wise man, 
accede, accession, accept, acquiesce, acquiescence, give assent, consent, yield, grant a point, 
Accept
accept, be acceptable to, be receptive to, take, take up, take someone up on something, 
acceptable, satisfactory, normal, pleasing, polite, well mannered
acceptance, 
Accident
accident, crash, wreck, pile-up, collision
accident, mishap
accidental
accidental, unintentional, unconscious, involuntary
accidentally, by accident, by mistake, unintentionally, not mean to do something, inadvertently, unconsciously
accipiter, accipitrine, anhinga, albatross, aquiline, auk, avocet, bittern, blackbird, blackcap, bluebird, blue jay, bobolink, bobwhite, booby, brant, bullfinch, bunting, bustard, buteo, buzzard, canary, caracara, cardinal, cassowary, catbird, chat, chickadee, chicken, cock, cockatoo, cormorant, condor, coot, crane, crepuscular, crow, cuckoo, curlew, cygnet, dove, drake, duck, duckling, dunlin, eagle, eaglet, egret, eider, emu, erne, falcon, fieldfare, finch, flamingo, flicker, flycatcher, fulmar, gallinule, gander, gannet, gnatcatcher, goatsucker, godwit, goldfinch, goose, goshawk, gosling, grackle, grebe, grouse, gull, gyrfalcon, hawk, hen, heron, hoopoe, hummingbird, ibis, jackdaw, jaeger, jay, junco, kea, kingbird, kingfisher, kite, kittiwake, kiwi, lapwing, lark, loon, lovebird, lyrebird, macaw, magpie, mallard, martin, merganser, mew, moa, mockingbird, myna, mynah, nighthawk, nightjar, nonpasserine, nuthatch, oriole, oscine, osprey, ostrich, owl, parakeet, passerine, parrot, partridge, peacock, peafowl, peahen, peewit, pelican, penguin, peregrine, petrel, pewee, pewit, phalarope, pheasant, pigeon, pintail, pipit, plover, ptarmigan, puffin, quail, quetzal, rail, ratite, raven, redbird, rhea, ricebird, ringdove, robin, rooster, rook, runner, sandpiper, sapsucker, scoter, seagull, shearwater, shelduck, siskin, skua, snipe, snowbird, sparrow, spoonbill, squab, starling, stilt, stork, swallow, swan, swift, tailorbird, tanager, teal, tern, thrasher, thrush, tit, titmouse, towhee, trumpeter, tumbler, turkey, turnstone, turtledove, vireo, vulture, vulturine, wading, warbler, waxwing, weaverbird, whistler, willet, woodcock, woodpecker, wren, yellowhammer, yellowlegs, yellowthroat
accommodating, benevolent, benign, caring, charitable, chivalrous, considerate, courteous, gentle, gracious, humane, kind, kindhearted, kindly, nice, obliging, thoughtful, 
Accompany
accord, agree, clash, cohere, complement, comport, dovetail, go together, go with, harmonize, jibe, rhyme, square
according to our ancestors..., 
according to, rumor has it, they say, people say, there is talk of, apparently, supposedly, be rumored to be, 
Accounting
accounting, account, accountant, CPA, ledger
Accumulate wealth
accumulate, acquire, get rich, prosper
accumulate, build up, pile up, collect, gather, mount up, 
Accuse, confront
accuse, confront, accost, incriminate, blame, point the finger at, criticize, hold responsible, find fault with, be direct with, don't mince words, tell off, rebuke, reprove, remonstrate, to rebuke, correct, reproof, remonstrance, castigate, cast aspersions, prove, offer proof
Accustomed to
acetate, alcohol, amino, ammonia, arsenic, asbestos, bicarbonate, butane, camphor, carbohydrate, chloride, chlorine, cleaner, cleanser, colloidal, creosote, cyanide, detergent, diesel, dioxide, emulsion, enamel, ethane, ethanol, ether, fluoride, fluorite, fuel, gas, gel, helium, hydrogen, iodine, leaven, hydrocarbon, hydrochloric, gasohol, gasoline, glycerin, kerosene, lacquer, latex, lithium, lubricant, methane, neon, nitrogen, nylon, oil, oxide, oxygen, ozone, paraffin, peroxide, phosgene, petrochemical, petrol, petrolatum, petroleum, polyester, protein, rayon, resin, rosin, yeast, silicate, silicon, sodium, solution, sol, solvent, spar, sulfuric, tallow, tannin, tartar, thinner, turpentine, varnish, vitriol, water
achieve, appear, arrive, attain, 
achiever, actor, doer, performer, agent
acid, base, alkali, biochemical, organic, inorganic, synthetic, plastic
acquaint, bare, demonstrate, disclose, discover, divulge, exhibit, explain, expose, indicate, present, make public, publicize, reveal, show, uncover, unfold, unmask, unveil
acquaintance, casual acquaintance
acquisition, 
Acquit
acquit, declare not guilty, declare innocent, find not guilty, clear, clear name, clear of charges, clear someone's record, prove innocence, set free, release
acquittal
acre, hectare, square (inch, foot, yard, mile, meter, kilometer)
acronym, anagram, 
Across
across, across from, on the other side of, on the opposite side of, beyond, offshore from
act acceptably, satisfactorily, normal, pleasingly, be polite, dignity, 
Act harshly
act harshly, abrasive, abrupt, acrid, acrimonious, brute, bully, caustic, cruel, cruelty, demanding, exacting, forceful, grate, grim, hard, harsh, martial law, pugnacious, rigid, rough, severe, sharp, stern, stiff, stinging, strict, stringent, tough, unfavorable, unfeeling, ungentle, violent
act of love, act of kindness, favor, 
act of rebellion, rebellious act, revolutionary act, demonstration, riot, disorder, sabotage
act unacceptably, dissatisfactory, abnormal, unpleasing, unpleasantly, be impolite, ill mannered
act, action, active, activity, do, event, process
act, enact, reenact, go on stage, 
Actions of the hand
active, dormant, extinct
active, in action
actor, actress, star, performer, extra, director, stagehand
actual, concrete, fact, factual, nonfiction, real, reality, true
acupuncture, 
acute, chronic, bacterial, complication, critical, curable, degenerative, genetic, morbid, nervous, neuromuscular, psychosomatic, virus, wasting, 
adage, aphorism, byword, clich\xc3\xa9, dictum, epigram, expression, idiom, motto, phrase, proverb, saying, slogan, watchword, 
Add numbers
Add to something
add to, strengthen, swell, augment, supplement, 
add up, tally (v), total (v), 
add, add on, put on, append, superimpose, 
add, addition, 
add, put in, 
addict, Epicurean, glutton, pig, prodigal, 
addict, user, junkie, 
addicted, excessive, gluttonous, indulgent, intemperate, piggish, prodigal, riotous, self-indulgent, surfeit, unbridled, uncontrolled, unrestrained, voracious
addiction, debauchery, dissipation, excess, excitability, extravagance, gluttony, indulgence, intemperance, leniency, overindulgence,  
addiction, dependence, be high
addiction, habit, dependence, 
addictive, 
addition, additive, supplement, extra, adjunct, annex, 
address
adhere, bind, cleave, cling, cohere, combine, fuse, merge, stick together, unite, 
adhesive, band, belt, binder, binding, bolt, bond, brace, bracket, brad, buckle, button, cable, cement, chain, cinch, clamp, clasp, clip, clothespin, cord, cotter, coupler, dowel, fastener, fastening, fetter, glue, gum, guy, handcuff, hasp, hemp, hinge, hitch, hook, knot, lace, lacing, lariat, lashing, lasso, latch, line, linkage, lock, loop, manacle, mooring, nail, nut, padlock, paste, peg, pin, safety pin, straight pin, plaster, putty, rivet, rope, screw, shackle, shoelace, shoestring, snap, solder, staple, stay, stitch, stocks, strap, string, tack, tape, thong, thread, thumbtack, truss, twine, wedge, wire, wrap, wrapping, yarn, zipper
Adjectives
adjudge, adjudicate, assay, assess, assessment, calculate, consider, decide, decision, determine, discern, estimate, evaluate, evaluation, examine, gauge, judge, judgment, judicious, question, regard, render, scrupulous, seek (truth), size, taste, test, testing, view
adjudicate, judge, administer, justice, jury
admirable, creditable, estimable, honorable, meritorious, 
admirable, estimable, honorable, idolized, 
admiration, adulation, esteem (n), respect, 
Admire someone
admire, be an admirer of, accept, approve of, esteem (v), hold in someone in high esteem, look up to, have a high opinion of, hold someone in high regard, respect, respectful, think highly of, think well of, hold in honor, 
admirer, fan, (art)-lover, lover of, enthusiast, devotee
Admit
admit wrong, confess, acknowledge wrong, take something back (that you said), 
admit, confess, acknowledge
Adopt
adopt, adoption, 
adopt, foster, guardian, 
adopted child, foster child, 
adoptive father, adoptive mother, foster parent
adore, worship, be devoted to, dote on, think the world of, mean the world to, 
adoring, affectionate, 
adorn, beautify, make oneself attractive, personal care, hygiene, toilet, look your best, 
Adornment
adornment, accessories, decoration
adrenal, endocrine, pituitary, thyroid, thymus, sweat gland, salivary gland, mammary gland, hormone, hormonal, 
Adult
adult (adj), grown-up (adj), mature (adj), 
adult, man, woman, grown-up, grown man, grown woman, 
adulterate, contaminate, pollute, 
adulterer, adulteress, sexual partner, lover, mistress, 
adulthood, maturity, prime, adult life, midlife crisis, over the hill, middle age, middle-aged
advance, double, explode, gain, grow, increase, jump, rise, rocket, soar, triple, 
advanced, developed, 
Advantage
advantage, asset, privilege, 
advantages and disadvantages, pros and cons, pluses and minuses, 
Adverbial clauses
Adverbs
adversity, hardship, hell, injury, tormenter, torturer, 
advice, tip, recommendation, guidance, counseling, counsel, instructions, idea, proposal, charge, 
Advise
advise, say someone should do something, give advice, recommend, urge, offer advice, advocate, commend, counsel, present, promote, propose, recommend a course of action, guide, instruct, submit, make a motion, exhort, 
advisor, counselor, consultant, guru, mentor, coach, 
advocate, promote, persuade, convince, encourage, encouragement, urge, sway
aerate, carbonated, carbonation
aerial, heavenly, atmospheric, stratospheric, celestial, 
affair, relationship, be together, romance, 
affiliate with, partner with, work with, work together, collaborate
affiliation, alliance, bonding, relationship, relation, association, comradeship, participation, partnership, interaction, fellowship, interpersonal relationship, 
affirm, affirmation, confirm, concur, agree, agreement 
affix, anchor, annex, attach, batten, engraft, fix to, graft, moor, nail, screw, secure, stick to, tack, 
Affixes
affray, altercation, battle (n), bout, combat, conflict, contest, crisis, duel (n), feud (n), gunfight, row, shootout, showdown, skirmish, spat, squabble, strife, struggle (n), tiff, war (n), 
affront, aggravation, bitter pill to swallow, insult (n), offense, outrage, provocation, vexation, 
Afraid
afraid, fearful, frightened, alarmed, panicky, quaking, scared, skittish, weak-kneed, 
Africa, Antarctica, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America, South America,  
After
after, afterward, afterwards, later, later on, subsequently, after that, beyond that, hence, 
after, next, later, further on, 
after, within, in, from now, 
afternoon, mid afternoon, pm, postmeridian, post meridiem, 
Again
again, once again, once more, yet again, one more time, afresh, fresh, another time, another time
again, once more, 
against
agate, amethyst, beryl, carnelian, chalcedony, chrysolite, chrysoprase, diamond, emerald, garnet, ivory, jacinth, jasper, marble, onyx, pearl, quartz, ruby, sapphire, sardonyx, topaz
Age
age-old, be as old as the hills, ancestral, ancient, be around from time immemorial, 
age (v), get old, grow old, mature, be getting on, aging, not be as young as you were, 
age, how old, 
Agent-oriented modalities
aggravating, exasperating, galling, infuriating, insulting, irksome, maddening, objectionable, offending, offensive, vexing, 
agitate, churn, stir, whip
agitated, be a bundle of nerves, excited, have the jitters, be jittery, jumpy,  nervous wreck, panicky, be in a state,
agitation, distraction, pressure, trauma, traumatic experience, turbulence, turmoil, 
agitation, distress, uproar, 
agonizing, distressing, hard, hurtful, painful, tormenting, torturing, 
agony, agonize, agonizing, anguish, burn, hurts a lot, really hurts, acute, racked with pain, horrible, excruciating, torment, raw pain, 
agony, anguish, desolate, despair, be in despair, disconsolate, grief stricken, heartbroken, inconsolable, miserable, misery, suicidal, woe
Agree to do something
agree to do something, accept, approve a plan, consent to, give your consent, grant someone's request, jump at the chance, jump at the opportunity, OK something, give your OK, say yes, give something the thumbs up, take on, 
Agree with someone
agree, agreement, concur, accede, think the same, think alike, hold the same view, be of the same mind, be of like mind, like-minded, be in accord, be of one accord, be united, be in the same place, be together on something, be with someone, coincide in our thinking, 
agreement, consent, 
agreement, like-mindedness, cooperation, unity, concord, be in congruity, 
Agricultural tool
Agriculture
agriculture, farming
Aim at a target
aim, point, direct, line up on, set your sights on, sight along, focus on
air
Air
Air force
air out, ventilate
air pressure, vacuum
air, 
air, atmosphere, airspace, stratosphere, ozone layer
airhead, blockhead, dolt, donkey, dullard, dumbbell, dummy, dunce, dupe, fanatic, fool, idiot, imbecile, moron, numskull, scatterbrain, sucker, 
airman, 
airman, pilot, wingman, 
airplane, plane, aircraft, balloon, glider, kite
airport, runway, airstrip, landing field
akimbo, askew, awry, bandy, catawampus, contorted, crooked, deviating, distorted, skewed, tortuous, warped, 
alarm clock, wake up call, rooster
alarm, bell, buzzer, 
albino, bowlegged, flatfooted, humpbacked, withered arm, shrunken arm, harelip, cleft palate, cerebral palsy, Downs syndrome, club-footed, 
Alcohol preparation
Alcoholic beverage
alcoholic beverage, alcohol, liquor
Alert
alert, watchful, vigilant, keep your eyes peeled, aware, clear headed, coherent, wary, mindful, responsive, sensitive, 
alert, watchful, vigilant, keep your eyes peeled, keep your eyes open, look out, keep a lookout for, 
alfalfa, bamboo, barley, bluegrass, buckwheat, bulrush, burmuda grass, cane, cereal, clover, corn, crabgrass, elephant grass, foxtail, grass, horsetail, knotgrass, lemongrass, maize, millet, oat, reed, rye, sesame, shortgrass, sorghum, speargrass, sugarcane, weed, wheat
algae, gulfweed, seaweed, wrack
All
all by yourself, single-handed, solo, in isolation, self-made
all day long, the whole day long, the whole day through, 
all night long, the whole night long, 
All of my family was there <except> me.;  Everyone went <except> John.;  John spent everything <except for> ten dollars.
All right, Yes you can, Sure, Of course, Help yourself, Be my guest, 
All the time
all the time, always, constantly, permanently, permanent
all your life, for life, lifelong, 
all, everything, the lot, every, each, without exception, altogether, total, a hundred percent, whatsoever, whichever, 
all, whole, entire, the lot, every bit of, every inch of, every drop of, in its entirety, from start to finish, the whole of, totality, 
allergy, allergic, amoeba, appendicitis, cholera, colic, colicky, colitis, cyst, diabetes, diabetic, diphtheria, distemper, dropsy, dysentery, elephantiasis, encephalitis, fibrosis, fistula, flux, hypertension, gallstone, goiter, heatstroke, hernia, herpes zoster, hemophilia, hemorrhoid, hives, hookworm, kidney stone, lockjaw, lumbago, malaria, meningitis, mononucleosis, mumps, phlebitis, piles, plague, polio, poliomyelitis, psoriasis, rabid, rabies, rubella, sclerosis, sunstroke, tetanus, typhoid, typhus, yellow fever, airsick, carsick, seasick, 
alleviate, ease, anesthesia, anesthetic, general anesthesia, local anesthesia, anesthetize, 
allied, bonded, related, friendly, affiliated, associated, 
alligator, caiman, crocodile
allocate, allot, award, confer, grant, present, 
ally
Almost
almost empty, not quite empty, 
almost full, not quite full
almost, be near to, be on the brink of, come within an inch of, 
almost, more or less, practically, virtually, not quite, 
almost, nearly, close to, close on, approaching, nearing, not quite, be pushing, pretty well, 
almost, nearly, just about, 
almost, nearly, just about, practically, as good as, more or less, not quite, 
almost, nearly, practically, virtually, just about, verging on, bordering on, 
almost, nearly, practically, virtually, pretty well, more or less, just about, 
almost, nearly, very nearly, come close to, be on the verge of, come within an inch of, 
almost, nearly, very nearly, just about, practically, virtually, all but, as good as, to all intents and purposes, nearing, approaching, near to, close to, verging on, bordering on, more or less, pretty much, not quite, 
almost, practically, virtually, 
alms, contribution, charity, 
aloft, overhanging, overhead, upper, 
aloft, up in the sky, up in the air, 
Alone
alone (adv), solo, 
alone, by yourself, sole, 
alone, on your own, by yourself, unaccompanied, marooned, isolated
alone, on your own, solo, solely, 
along, alongside, by the side of, at the side of
aloud, out loud, silently, recite
alpha male
altar, altar of sacrifice, altar of incense, censer, candle, church bells, totem pole, 
Alternate
alternate (actions, events), 
alternate, repeat, cycle, rotate, 
alternate, take turns, take it in turns, share, spell each other, go back and forth, 
alternating, repeated, cyclical, rotating
alternative, option, selection, candidate
although, even though, despite the fact that 
altitude, sea level
altogether, in total, in all, all told, 
Altruistic, selfless
altruistic, selfless, unselfish, thinks of others, self-sacrificing, benevolent, Good Samaritan
aluminum, barium, brass, bronze, chrome, chromium, copper, gold, iron, lead, lithium, magnesium, mercury, molybdenum, nickel, platinum, quicksilver, radium, silver, steel, tin, titanium, tungsten, uranium, zinc
always, every time, any time, everyday, 
always, habitually
Alzheimer's, amnesia, stroke, depression, schizophrenia, shock, stress, 
amalgamate, blend, combine, commingle, fuse, intermix, meld, merge, merger, unite
amaryllis, angelica, anise, balm, basil, chamomile, cardamom, cassia, catnip, chamomile, chervil, chicory, cosmopolitan, cowpea, cress, cumin, dill, fennel, fenugreek, feverfew, foxglove, ginseng, henbane, herb, horehound, hyssop, licorice, lucerne, mandrake, marjoram, medicinal, mint, parsley, parsnip, peppermint, portulaca, purslane, rosemary, sage, savory, saxifrage, skunk, sorrel, spearmint, spikenard, tarragon, thyme, valerian, watercress, wintergreen, yarrow
amateur, disciple, layman, student, 
Ambassador Stevenson is a very <high> level official.;  <Low> priority tasks should be placed later in the list.;  The musician gave a <first> rate performance.;  Finding a suitable place to live was of <primary> importance.
ambassador, ambassador, embassy, diplomat, diplomatic, 
ambiguous, double meaning, doubletalk, 
Ambitious
ambitious, ambition, competitive, power-hungry, pushy
ambulance, hospital ship
Ambush
ambush (n), mugging, strike (n), sneak attack, surprise attack, 
ambush, ambuscade, bushwhack, jump, lie in wait for, mug, pounce, strike, turn on, waylay, 
ambusher, bushwhacker, 
ammunition, bullet, projectile, shot, shell, cartridge, clip, pellet
amnesia
amorous, aroused, in the mood, turned on, 
amount, how much, however many, however much, plenty 
amount, quantity, level, volume, percentage, proportion, sum, how much, ($100) worth, 
Amphibian
amphibian, aquatic, arboreal, barnyard, tropical
Amputate
amputate, amputation, lose a limb, sever, mutilate
amputee
amulet, charm, fetish
amulet, evil eye, 
amulet, fetish, 
amuse, entertain, 
amusement, entertainment, 
an all-time high, record high, high water mark, 
an all-time low, record low, lowest ebb,
An ant <is> an insect.;  An ant <is a kind of> insect.;  Dogs, cats, and horses <are members of> the animal <class>.;  Plants <include> trees, flowers, and weeds.;  The animal <class> <includes> dogs, cats, and horses.
analgesic, antacid, antibiotic, antidote, antihistamine, antiseptic, antitoxin, aspirin, barbiturate, cathartic, chloroquine, drops, eye drops, emetic, iodine, immunization, inoculation, lozenge, painkiller, paregoric, penicillin, prophylactic, purgative, sedative, sleeping pill, stimulant, sulfa, tranquilizer, transfusion, Tylenol, vaccine, wine
ancestor, forefather, forbearer, patriarch, matriarch, progenitor, background, origins
ancestral, ancestry, 
anchovy, barracuda, bass, blackfish, bonefish, bream, carp, cod, codfish, crappie, darter, flatfish, flounder, gar, garfish, garpike, goldfish, grouper, guppy, halibut, herring, lungfish, mackerel, marlin, pickerel, pike, piranha, pollack, pompano, sailfish, salmon, sardine, sea horse, shad, sole, spearfish, sturgeon, sucker, sunfish, swordfish, tarpon, tuna, turbot, whitefish, whiting, wrasse
and so on, and so on and so forth, et cetera, etc, and whatever, or whatever, and the like, and suchlike, 
And, also
and, also, furthermore, moreover, what's more, besides, by the way, incidentally, 
and, also, too, besides, besides this, as well, so do I/so has she/so are they, in addition, not to mention, likewise, both...and, and also, again, further, in addition to, not only...but also, some...others, first...then, let me add
and, and then, then, having...-en, after, thereafter, thereon, thereupon, whereupon, upon, 
and, both...and, or, either...or, neither...nor, but, 
and, or, but,  
and, or, while, then, if, because, 
and, then, but, now, it happened that, it came to pass that, one day, my next topic is, my next point is, now about 
androgynous, bisexual, hermaphrodite, hermaphroditic, 
anesthesiologist
anesthetize, numb (an area), deaden, 
angel, angelic being, cherub, seraph, saint
anger (v), make someone angry, make someone mad, aggravate, antagonize, chafe, cross someone, disturb, embitter, enrage, exasperate, gall, incense, infuriate, insult (v), irk, madden, needle, nettle, offend, cause offense, peeve, perturb,  pique, provoke, rankle, rile, vex, make your blood boil, make you sick, get someone going, get someone's back up, wind someone up, be like a red flag to a bull, 
anger, annoyance, bitterness, dander, fury, grudge, indignation, ire, outrage, rage, rancor, resentment, temper, wrath, 
angiosperm, annual, aquatic, biennial, bracken, brake, creeper, deciduous, edible, flower, greens, herbaceous, hybrid, leafy, legume, luscious, parasite, perennial, plankton, pulse, sedge, succulent, tropical, vegetable, vine, weed, woody, wort
angle, slope (n), inclination, pitch, grade, gradient, steep, precipitous, gradual (rise)
Angora, longhaired, shorthaired, Persian, Siamese, tabby
Angry
angry, aggravated, bitter, embittered, cross, exasperated, incensed, indignant, irate, irked, irritated, mad, nettled, offended, peeved, perturbed, piqued, rancorous, resentful, riled, sore, upset, vexed, wroth, 
angry, furious, stormy, heated, furor, uproar, feelings run high, 
Angus, aurochs, Brahma, Guernsey, Holstein, Jersey, longhorn, shorthorn
Animal
Animal actions
animal body parts
Animal color, marking
Animal diseases
Animal eating
Animal group
Animal home
Animal husbandry
animal husbandry, tame, spray (for insects), brand, 
Animal life cycle
Animal movement
animal nature, biological, bodily, concrete, corporal, corporeal, earthly, earthy, fleshly, incarnate, inferior, matter, material, materialistic, mundane, natural, objective, physical, seen, sensible, sensual, tangible, temporal, unspiritual, worldly
Animal products
Animal sounds
animal, fauna, creature, critter, organism, wildlife
animate (v), bring to life, give life to, give breath to, breathe life into, vivify
Animism 
animism, animistic, 
Animism, paganism, 
Animist, pagan,  
anklet, 
anniversary, banquet, baptism, birthday party, carousal, celebration, christening, closing ceremony, commemoration, confirmation, consecration, convention, dance, dedication, feast, festivity, fete, funeral, funfest, gala, game night, graduation, homecoming, inauguration, induction, initiation, launching, memorial, naming ceremony, opening, grand opening, parade, party, reception, recognition, reenactment, retirement, toast, trade fair, wake, wedding, 
Announce
announce, declare, proclaim, publicize, publish, broadcast, make something public, make known, promote, advertise, inform, post
announcement, publicity, propaganda
annoy, antagonize, bug, exacerbate, exasperate, frustrate, gall, harass, hassle, irritate, nag, needle, nettle, pester, piss someone off, much to my annoyance, it ticks me off, it hacks me off, get on your nerves, get under your skin, drive you crazy, drive you nuts, drive you up the wall, 
annoyance, exasperation, frustration, irritation, 
annoyance, exasperation, frustration, irritation, nuisance, pain in the neck, pain in the ass, pain in the butt, pest, 
Annoyed
annoyed, frustrated, hacked off, irritated, jaded, ticked off, 
annoying, exasperating, frustrating, irritating, galling, nettlesome, stupid, bloody, be a drag, 
annul, strike down, veto
Anoint the body
anoint, perfume, smear, douse
anonymous, unnamed, unidentified, incognito, unknown, nameless, 
Answer
answer
Answer in a test
answer, give an answer, reply, get back to, respond, acknowledge
answer, response, reply, acknowledgment, rebuttal, rejoinder, return, echo, feedback, immediate response, answer by return mail
answer, result, solution
answer, solution, 
ant, army ant, armyworm, bedbug, bee, beetle, bluebottle fly, botfly, bristletail, bumblebee, butterfly, carpenter bee, chigger, cicada, cockroach, cricket, daddy longlegs, damselfly, deerfly, dragonfly, dung beetle, earwig, firefly, flea, fly, glowworm, gnat, grasshopper, hawkmoth, hellgramite, honeybee, hornet, horsefly, housefly, inchworm, jigger, katydid, ladybug, leafhopper, lice, locust, long-horned beetle, louse, mantis, mayfly, midge, millipede, mite, monarch butterfly, mosquito, moth, mud wasp, nit, praying mantis, roach, sawfly, scarab, silkworm, silverfish, stinkbug, swallowtail, termite, tick, tsetse fly, tumblebug, walking stick, wasp, weevil, wiggler, wriggler
Antarctic, arctic, equatorial, tropics
Anteater, aardvark
anteater, sloth, armadillo
antecedent, precedent, precedence, the one before, 
anthill, ants nest, termite mound, termite hill, hive, beehive, bee's wax, honeycomb, spider web, cocoon, trail (of ants)
anthology
antidote, administer (the antidote)
antiquate, render obsolete, 
antiquated, dated, fusty, early type/form of, obsolete, primitive, 
antique (v), antiquate, give something an antique look, 
antique, antiquities, 
antique, classical, time-honored, vintage, 
antisocial, standoffish, distant, aloof, dour, reserved
anxiety attack, really worried, really scared, really wondering, despair, despairing, desperate, desperation, be worried sick, be at your wits' end, frantic, frantically, 
apart, detached, disassembled, dismembered, be in pieces, 
apathetic, indifference, indifferent, listless, lethargic, neutral, nonchalant, uncaring, 
aphrodisiac, 
Apocrypha
apologize, apology, apologetic, ask forgiveness
apostasy, backsliding, reprobate
apothecary, avoirdupois, metric, troy, 
apparent, evident, obvious
apparent, seeming, superficial, 
appeal (n), petition (n), request (n), solicitation, question
appeal (n), the lure of, charm, pull (n), draw (n)
Appear
appear, arise, coalesce, come into being, come into existence, come to be, develop, emerge, form, materialize, spring up, take shape
appear, become visible, come into view, come into sight, come out, loom, loom up, reappear, surface, materialize, assume visible form, put in an appearance
appear, point, fade
Appearance
appearance, 
appearance, look, manifestation, 
appearance, looks, image, visage, features, countenance, profile, 
appearance, semblance of,  
Appease
appendage, appurtenance, adjunct, accessory, addition, attachment
appetite, big appetite, small appetite
appetizing, tempting, mouth-watering, make your mouth water, 
apple scab, bloom, bread mold, button mushroom, downy mildew, dry rot, morel, penicillium, puffball, rose mildew, rust fungi, slime mold, smut, toadstool, truffle, yeast
apple, apricot, avocado, banana, berry, blueberry, breadfruit, carob, citrus, cranberry, date, fig, flaxseed, grape, grapefruit, hayseed, jackfruit, legume, lemon, lime, linseed, mango, olive, orange, papaya, passion fruit, pea, peach, pear, pineapple, plantain, plum, prune, raisin, raspberry, strawberry, tomato
appliance, refrigerator, stove, oven
appoint (someone to a position), appointment, assign (someone to a position), place (someone in authority), designate (someone as), delegate (authority to), give (authority to), entrust (someone) with (something)
Appoint, delegate
appraisal, appraise, evaluate, weigh (the merits of)
appreciation, gratitude, 
approach, get near, get nearer, near (v), draw near, get close, get closer, close in on, get as close as possible
approach, move near, come near, move in on
approval, approbation, advocacy, endorsement, sanction, 
Approve of something
approve, meet with someone's approval, agree with, believe in, condone, endorse, be for, be in favor of, okay (v), give it your okay, pass, sanction, subscribe, sustain, think something is right, uphold, value (v), think something is right, 
Approximate
approximate (v), estimate (v), overestimate, underestimate, 
approximate, rough, 
aqueduct, canal, culvert
aquifer, underground river
Arabian, pinto, pony, thoroughbred, racehorse
archaic, archaism, 
archery, draw a pistol, draw a sword, draw a bow, fit an arrow, raise a gun, aim, load, stab, hurl a spear, swing an ax, drop a bomb, stick a knife into someone, bludgeon, whip (v)
archetype, epitome, hero, ideal, paragon
Area
Area of knowledge
area, acreage, size, square footage, extent, 
area, field, world, domain, realm, sphere, branch, province
area, region, district, expanse (of land) 
area, vicinity, environs, neighborhood, surroundings, community, district, region, context
argument, argumentation, angry words, disputation, 
arm
Arm
arm in arm, side by side, in step with, out of step with, single file
arm, back, chair leg, seat cushion, footrest
armor, shield, guard, 
armor, shield, helmet, breastplate, greaves, buckler, corselet, mail, panoply, plate, plating, bullet proof vest, visor, 
armory, arsenal, battery
Army
army, 
army, band, 
Around
arouse, challenge, embroil, fan the flames, goad, incite, instigate, provoke, rally, rouse, spur, stir up, 
arraign, book, lock up, imprison, put behind bars, handcuff, chain
Arrange
Arrange a marriage
arrange a marriage, arranged marriage, marriage negotiations, match, espousals, marry off, 
Arrange an event
arrange, align, array, dispose, lay out, line up, order, put in order, range, set out, concatenate, 
arrange, organize, make arrangements, line up, prepare
arranged, ordered, well-ordered, be in order, regular, 
arrangement, alignment, array, formation, order, ordering, pattern, row, disposition, distribution, gradation, grouping, layout, concatenation, 
Arrest
arrest, apprehend, apprehension, bust, capture, catch, collar, detain, detention, nab, pick up, seize, seizure, take away, take into custody, take prisoner, trap, 
arrest, get, take someone into custody, apprehend, detain, 
Arrive
arrive, arrival, reach, get to, come to, attain, land, landing, advent
arrow worm
arson, arsonist
art
Art
arthritis, arthritic, stiffness of the joints, rheumatic, rheumatism, backache, 
article, editorial, column
artifact, building, construction, manufactured goods, product, production
Artificial
artificial limb, wooden leg, peg leg, prosthesis
artificial, synthetic, man-made, processed
artillery, cannon, bazooka, catapult, howitzer, mortar, 
artist, painter
as for me (I), as for you (you), as for him (he), as for us (we), as for them (they)
as good as new, renewed, freshened, modernized, reconditioned, refreshed, refurbished, rejuvenated, renovated, restored, 
as someone's representative, on someone's behalf, on behalf of, for
as the saying goes, as they say, to coin a phrase, 
ascetic
ascetic, conformist, moderate, puritan, stoic, 
asceticism
asexual, sexless
ash, blackened wood, charred remains
Ashamed
ashamed, disgraced, embarrassed, shamefaced, 
asinine, blind, brainless, crass, crazy, daft, delirious, demented, dense, dim, dizzy, doltish, dull, dull-witted, dumb, fanatical, fatuous, foolish, harebrained, idiotic, inane, ingenuous, insane, insensitive, irrational, lumpish, moronic, naive, nonsensical, obtuse, retarded, senile, senseless, silly, simple, slow, slow-witted, stupid, thick, thickheaded, undiscerning, unimaginative, unperceptive, unsound, witless, lacking in intelligence, mentally lazy, 
Ask
ask forgiveness, sue for peace, seek pardon, beg for mercy
Ask permission
ask someone's advice, seek advice, consult, ask for advice, request advice, turn to for advice, 
ask someone the way, ask for directions, 
ask someone to marry you, propose, pop the question, proposal, 
ask, ask someone's permission
ask, question, inquire, interrogate, interview
aspect
Aspect--dynamic verbs
Aspect--stative verbs
aspect, side, dimension, facet, factor, feature, detail, 
Aspectual time
aspire, hanker for, have a hankering for, long for, relish (n), relish (v), covet, crave, desire (v), desire (n), fancy (v), pine for, want (v), yearn, 
assembly hall, auditorium, center, hall, community center, 
assistant coach, trainer, recruiter
assistant coach, trainer, recruiter, referee, timekeeper
assistant, subordinate, under, 
associate (n), comrade, participant, partner, friend, coworker, colleague, acquaintance, ally, collaborator, fellow (student), age mate, affiliate
associate (n), partner, coworker, colleague, collaborator, fellow worker, affiliate
Association
assume, assumption, presume, suppose, imagine, take it for granted, presumably, I take it
asteroid, moon
astronaut, cosmonaut, spaceman
astronomer, biologist, botanist, detective, investigator, linguist, mathematician, operative, reconnoiterer, scientist, scout, spy, undercover agent, zoologist
astronomy, astrology, 
astronomy, astronomer, astrology, astrologer, stargazer, magi
asymmetrical, irregular, uneven, unbalanced, lopsided
at
at first sight, at first glance
at light speed, faster than a speeding bullet, just a blur
at most, as much as, short of, 
at night, during the night, in the night, by night, 
at regular intervals, every meter, evenly spaced, 
at someone's request, at the request of, 
at the earliest, no earlier than, 
at the front, at the head of, leading, 
At the same time
at the same time as, meanwhile, while, as, -ing, simultaneity, concurrently, coincident, 
at the same time, together, at one time, at once, simultaneously, at the same instant, in concert, in unison, 
athlete, player, starting line up, substitute, bench, coach, captain, referee, trainer, professional, amateur
athletic, acrobatic, competitive, star, 
Atlantic Ocean, Pacific Ocean, Indian Ocean, Arctic Ocean, Mediterranean Sea
atom, atomic, element, electron, neutron, nuclear, proton
atone, expiate, make up for, make amends, compensate, repay, pay for, pay your debt to society, 
Atone, restitution
atonement, expiation, reparation, redress, 
attach to, bind to, fasten to, stick to, take hold of
attachment, 
Attack
attack (n), assault (n), foray, invasion, incursion, strike (n), push, raid (n), offense, offensive, onset, onslaught, aggression, ambush (n), sally, siege, sortie,  penetration, 
attack (n), assault, charge (n), onrush, rush (n), strike (n), 
attack, a bout of, a touch of, 
attack, invade, storm, raid, besiege, bombard, 
attack, lead an attack, the attack fell on, assault, assail, charge, come at, drive, force your way, go for, lay into, make a run on, rush, sail into, set upon, strike, confront, penetrate defenses, be on the offense
attack, sharp, pang, piercing, prick, shooting, stab, stabbing, throes, paroxysm, wrenching pain, 
attacker, attacking force, aggressor, assailant, invader, invasion force, 
attempt (n), endeavor (n), try (n), campaign, drive, 
attempted murder, attempt on someone's life, 
attend, attention, beware, careful, caution, cautious, concentrate, concentration, concern, concerned, consider, consideration, foresight, guard, intentional, interest, occupy, precaution, provident, prudent, purposeful, refuse, regard, tend, think thoroughly, give thought, thoughtful, think hard, 
attend, go to school, enter school
Attendant circumstances
Attention
attention is divided, 
attic
Attitude
attitude, logic, outlook, perspective, thoughtful, view
attitude, mentality, way of thinking, outlook, worldview
attitude, mood, state of mind, frame of mind, spirits, morale, 
Attract
Attract sexually
attract, be attractive to, appeal to, tempt, seduce, draw, lure, act sexy, excite, turn someone on, titillate, flirt, flirtatious, 
attract, lure, draw
attract, tempt, seduce, pull, draw, bring in, lure, appeal to
attraction, lure (n), temptation, 
attraction, lust (n), passion, 
attractive, tempting, appealing, irresistible, enticing, alluring, seductive
Attributes often belong to a class of attributes (shape = straight, curved) or to a scale (length = long, short). The class or scale can sometimes be included in the expression, but does not mark the proposition itself. (The towel <feels> damp. The box <weighs> five kilos.)
Attribution
Attribution of an attribute
audible, clear, loud and clear, 
audience
augur, betoken, bode, forebode, foreshadow, foretell, foretoken, ominous, portend, prefigure, presage, 
aunt
aural, 
aural, auditory, audio, acoustic, sound (adj), 
aurora borealis, northern lights
Authority
authority, power, dominion, hegemony, control, right
Available
available, obtainable, at your disposal
avenger, nemesis, 
Average
average (adj), mean (adj), medium (adj),  medial, on average, 
average (n), mean, medium, median, 
average (v), average out, 
Avoid
avoid trouble, avoid adversity, retreat, appease, to run away
Away from
awl, drill, punch, pin
ax, axe, blackjack, club, halberd, hatchet, mace, tomahawk, truncheon, 
baa, bleat
babbler, fool, 
baboon, capuchin, chimpanzee, colobus, gibbon, gorilla, langur, lemur, orangutan, macaque, mandrill, marmoset, rhesus, ringtail
Baby
baby carriage, pram, stroller, backpack, car seat, carrycot, 
baby, 
baby, child, youth, adult, elder
bachelor, bachelorhood, 
bachelor, castrated, celibate, divorc\xc3\xa9, eunuch, widower, 
Back
back (adj), rear, posterior, 
back (n), rear, hind end, 
back to square one, make a fresh start, 
back, backward, behind, reverse, 
backache, earache, headache, migraine, stomachache, toothache, labor pains, sore throat, 
Backward
bacteria, germ, virus
Bad
Bad-tempered
bad-tempered, grumpy, grouchy, disagreeable, cantankerous, uptight, 
bad attitude, be in a bad mood, 
bad feelings, negative emotions, 
bad language, strong language, swear word, four letter word, curse, obscenities, profanity, swearing, unprintable, 
bad luck, misfortune, bit of bad luck, hard luck, 
bad, base, carnal, corrupt, dangerous, decadent, degenerate, depraved, dishonorable, evil, felonious, foul, heinous, immoral, improper, impure, iniquitous, low-minded, low, miscreant, nasty, nefarious, no good, reprobate (adj), sinful, sinister, terrible, unethical, unholy, unjust, unrighteous, vile, villainous, wicked, 
bad, blameworthy, sinful, wrong, 
Bad, immoral
bad, no good, lousy, unpleasant, cheap, severe, terrible, abject, mean, low, base, infamous, ignoble, irregular, 
bad, terrible, foul, inclement, rough, dirty sky, severe
bad, worthless, unworthy, unimportant, useless
badly-timed, ill-timed, come at the wrong time, at a bad time, inopportune, 
Bag
bag, bagful, barrel, boatload, bottle, bowl, box, boxful, bucketful, busload, can, carload, glass, handful, jug, mug, pack, packet, planeload, platter, roomful, sackful, scoop, scoopful, spoon, spoonful, tablespoon, tankful, teaspoon, teaspoonful, trainload, tray, truckload
bag, garbage pail, mirror
bag, purse
baker (bread), butcher (meat), confectioner (candy), brewer (alcohol)
Balance
balance (n), 
balance something, steady something, 
balance, keep your balance, 
bald, bald spot, thinning hair, receding hairline
bale, bouquet, bracken, brush, bunch, canopy, clump, cluster, cover, covert, corsage, crop, culture, forest, greenery, grove, growth, hassock, haystack, herbage, jungle, kelp, nosegay, orchard, scrub, sheaf, shock, shrubbery, skein, spray, stand, sward, thicket, tuft, turf, tussock, underbrush, undergrowth, vegetation, verdure, vermin
banana, plantain, cooking banana
banana, stalk, flower, finger, hand, bunch, pulp, prune, leaf, leaf stem, stem
bandit, burglar, cutpurse, embezzler, gangster, highwayman, hijacker, kleptomaniac, mugger, pickpocket, pilferer, pirate, plunderer, purse-snatcher, robber, bank robber, train robber, shoplifter, stealer, thief, jewel thief, 
banditry, break-in, breaking and entering, embezzlement, hold-up, jewel heist, job, misappropriation, mugging, purse snatching, pick pocketing, pilferage, pilfering, racketeering, raid, robbery, snatch, stick-up, theft, 
bang, boom, roar, rumble, 
bang, buzz, chug, clack, clang, clank, clatter, click, clink, clump, clunk, crackle, crash, creak, crunch, fizz, gurgle, hiss, howl, patter, ping, purr, putter, roar, rumble, rustle, screech, splash, splutter, squelch, swish, thud, thump, thunder, wheeze, whine, whir, zing
bang, thud, crack, crash, bump, thump, boom, clack, clap, clash, clunk, jangle, knock, peal, pound, rap, tap, scrunch, slam, slap, smack, 
bank a fire, 
bank, riverbank, levee, sandbar, embankment
bank, storehouse, vault, safe, piggy bank, cookie jar, cash box, wallet, purse, money belt, under the mattress
bar, saloon, bartender
barbed wire, obstacles, mine, 
barber, hairdresser
barbershop, hair salon
barefoot, shoeless, shirtless, hatless, unshod, topless, 
Bargain
bargain, negotiate a price, haggle, discount, 
bark, bay, howl, yap, growl, snap, snarl, whimper, whine, woof woof, yelp, yowl, 
bark, burl, knot, hull, husk, shell, cork
bark, howl, yap, growl
barn dance, folk dance, square dance, ballet, waltz, tap-dancing, 
barn, granary, grain silo, warehouse, storehouse, safe, shed, treasury, 
barn, granary, silo, grain sack
barn, shed, hen house, coop, kennel, pound, doghouse, stable, 
basement, ground floor, first floor, second floor, upstairs, downstairs, 
Basic
basic, fundamental, essential, central
Basis
basis, foundation, on the basis of, in view of, by virtue of, be the basis of, form the basis of, on what basis? What do you base your...?
bask in, lap something up, 
basket, mat, net, hat
Basketball
basketball court, arena, gym, gymnasium
basketball game, game
basketball player, star, center, forward, guard, substitute, bench
basketball team
basketball, b-ball
basketball, hoop, net, backboard, uniform, basketball shoes, referee's whistle, clock, scoreboard, bench
basset, beagle, bloodhound, boxer, bulldog, Chihuahua, collie, dachshund, Doberman, German shepherd, greyhound, husky, Pekinese, poodle, retriever, setter, spaniel, terrier
bat
Bat
bath, bathing
Bathe
bathe, take a bath, take a shower, wash up, 
bathe, use deodorant, wash clothes, wipe sweat from your forehead, 
bather, 
bathroom, bathtub, tub, shower, shower stall, bathhouse
bathroom, toilet, latrine
battery, 
battery, cavalry, cohort, detachment, detail, guard, host, legion, palace guard, 
battlefield, field of battle, theater of war, scene of the battle, front, front lines, flank, rear, war zone, 
bauxite, borax, brimstone, calcium, carbon, coal, coke, feldspar, gypsum, limestone, magnetite, mica, nitrate, peat, phosphate, phosphorus, pitch, pitchblende, potash, potassium, pyrite, salt, saltpeter, silica, soda, sulfur, talc, tar
bawdry, erotic, immoral, kinky, licentious, lustful, sensuous, voluptuous, indecent, obscene, 
bawl, gurgle, coo, cry, squall, 
bay, gulf, cove, fjord, harbor, inlet, lagoon, sound, strait, port, 
Be
be (ten) years old, (ten)-year-old, 
be (ten), be (ten) years old, be (ten) years of age, aged (ten), (a boy) of (ten), (ten)-year-old, have turned (ten), 
be (two inches) (too) short,  
be a hypocrite, act hypocritically, hypocrisy, pretend, pretense
be a mixture of, combine, blend, 
be a reflection on, be a comment on, be a symptom of, be symptomatic of, be an indictment of, not say much for, reflect badly on, make a mockery of, sign of the times
be a tribute to, say a lot for, reflect well on, be a testimony to
be a worrier, worrywart, neurotic, hypochondriac, 
be about something, concern, deal with, be concerned with, center on, focus on, address, cover, depict, discuss, dwell on, present, portray, treat, 
Be about, subject
be absent, not be here, not be around, be out, not be in, be away, missing, be off, not be at, not be there, absence, be gone, not present, be away, nowhere to be found, out of sight, truant, absent without leave, AWOL, missing in action, not show up, make yourself scarce, minus someone, be lacking, lose, elsewhere, somewhere else, 
be accustomed to, used to, familiar with
be addicted, dependent, be hooked, 
be affiliated with, affiliation, 
be alive, live
be alive, live, life, stay alive, be going strong, 
be all for, be all in favor of, be a great believer in, be an advocate of
be allowed, allowable, permissible, acceptable, 
be an amputee, disfigured, 
be angry, feel angry, bristle, miffed, take offense, resent, be in a temper, pissed off, pissed, be worked up, be up in arms, in a huff, be disgusted, take something personally, take exception to, be put out, feel put out, 
be annoyed, feel annoyed, be fed up, be tired of, be sick of, have had enough of, have had it, have had it up to here, be at the end of your tether, 
be around, surrounding
be asleep, sleep
Be at a place
be at a place/location, be in a place/location, be located, be situated, be localized, attendance, be present, presence, sit, lie, laid, occupy, be resting
be at, at, be, be located, location
be attracted to, fancy, be interested in, want, lust after, take a fancy to, 
be awake
be aware of, be acquainted with, know a little, know about
be behind with, overdue, be in arrears, 
be behind, be behind schedule, be running late, overrun, 
be below the standard, be unacceptable, be imperfect, be abnormal, miss the mark, fail, fail to make the grade, fail to live up to expectations, not live up to
be beside, alongside, along, next to, at your side, be way over to the side, be on the right, be on the left
be better, be well, be fully recovered, be cured, be over something, be back on your feet, be up and about, be fit, be healed, be well again, be fine, be back to normal, be restored to health, be whole again, 
be blown by the wind, wind blows something, blow away, waft on the breeze, flutter in the breeze, be carried by the wind, be born along on/by the wind, be picked up by the wind
be born, birth, arrive, arrival, come along, come into the world, 
be brave enough to do something, dare, have the guts to do something, have the nerve to do something, pluck up the courage to do something, have the courage of your convictions, 
be brief, be quick, 
be brief, don't take long, get it over with
be burning, go up in flames, go up in smoke, be in flames, 
be called, be known as, be entitled, be termed, go by the name of, so-called, 
be careless, irresponsible
be close to tears, have a lump in your throat, fight back tears, choke back the tears, 
be cold, feel cold, look cold, freezing, frozen, feel the cold, 
be concerned about, care about
be confused, be in a muddle, 
be connected (with), be related (to), be linked (with), be associated (with), there is a link between, there is a connection between, be bound up with, go hand in hand, relate, relation, be a relationship between, relationship, have something to do with, be something to do with, be intertwined, tied, pertain, be relative to, 
be connected with, have links, have connections with, be linked with, 
be conscious, consciousness, awake
be content, be happy with your lot, feel satisfied
be cowardly, be a coward, act cowardly, have a yellow streak, 
be dazed, confused, disoriented, unsure, out of it, befuddled, bewildered, spaced out, incoherent, dull (minded), stupor, 
be desperate for, be crying out for, can't do without, be dependent on, depend on, rely on, be reliant on, badly need, 
be dirty, filthy, soiled, stained, smeared, dusty, spotted, corrupted, grimy, greasy, polluted
be disabled, have special needs, be crippled, be lame, be paralyzed, have a withered arm
be disappointed, feel let down, feel blue, feel forlorn, not realize your hopes, have your hopes dashed, your heart sank, look blue, 
be discontent, complain, complaint, fuss, chafe, 
be disgusted, execrate, feel awful, feel revolted, feel sick, shudder at the thought, shudder to think, turn away in disgust, be disgusted, be grossed out, can't stand, can't bear, 
be displeased with, be unhappy with, not happy, dissatisfied, discontented, disgruntled, 
be drunk, be intoxicated, soused, had too many, under the influence, drink under the table
be dumb, mute, unable to speak
be early, 
be embarrassed, feel embarrassed, squirm, I could have died, I almost died
be engrossed in, be wrapped up in, be absorbed in, be immersed in, immerse yourself in, preoccupied, 
be enough, do, suffice, cover, last, meet someone's needs, get by, afford to, 
be even, be quits, 
be forever, last forever, go on forever, always be there, never fail/end/die/stop
be fortunate, be blessed, have it easy, have a good life, prosper, be prosperous, everything is going well, have a good time, have plenty
be friends with, going together, going out, going steady
be full of, be filled with, be crammed with, be stuffed with, be packed with, be packed full of, be crammed full of, 
be full, have had enough, couldn't eat another thing, bloated, stuffed, on a full stomach, satisfied, satiated, no more room, 
be generous, be kind, be gracious, be charitable, generosity, charity, charitable giving
be generous, lavish something on, shower, 
be gentle, careful, mild
be good company, fun, be a good laugh, 
be gripped by, 
be happy for, rejoice with, be glad for
be hard of hearing, hearing impaired
be heading for, be in for, threaten, threat
be high up, high above, far above, way up there, sky-high, up in the air, be aloft, 
be humble, humbly, condescend, 
be illegitimate, fatherless
be immature, act like a child
be impartial, fair, consistent, equal treatment, impartial, impartiality, 
be impossible, too hard, can't do it, not doable
be impure, defiled, polluted, unwashed
be in a bad mood, be in a huff, be in one of his bad moods, got out of bed on the wrong side, got out on the wrong side of the bed
be in a deep sleep, be really out, sleep deeply, sleep soundly, sound asleep
be in a state of shock, traumatized, shattered
be in a trance, have a vision, hallucinate
be in contact, keep in touch, stay in touch, keep in contact, communicate, 
be in need, be in pain, be injured, harm, be in distress, suffer persecution, be in danger, social unrest, anarchy
be in order, ordered, in sequence, be the right way round, in chronological order, chronological, consecutive, consecutively, successive, in succession, one after another, one after the other, (three years) running, sequential, 
be in pain, be in agony, feel pain, have a pain in, suffer, hurt (vi), bear pain, endure, agonize, feel bad, feel miserable, suffer, 
be in shape, be in good condition, keep fit, stay in shape, keep in shape, 
be in water
Be in water
be in, inside, inner, within
be injured, sustain an injury, be bleeding, be hurt, get hurt, be wounded, suffer harm, 
be interested in, show interest, express interest, find something interesting, take an interest in, be curious about, 
be into something, be excited about, be raring to go, eagerly, 
be jealous, feel jealous, jealously, envy (v), begrudge, turn green, covet, 
be joined (together), be connected, 
be just like, look just like, be the image of, be the spitting image of, be the living image of, could pass for, could be mistaken for, be a dead ringer for, be the picture of, 
be killed, accidental death, death by misadventure, violent death, lose your life, perish, suffer heavy losses, 
be kneeling, be down on your knees
be last, come last, finish last, bring up the rear, straggler, be the last straw, 
be lazy, lazy person, idle, dally, idler, do-nothing, loafer
be light, illuminated, sunlit, moonlit, starlit, lighted, luminous, 
be like, take after, be a chip off the old block, 
be loaded (down) with, overloaded, be laden with, be weighed down with, under the weight of
be lost, not know where you are, get lost, lose your way
be low down, be at the bottom, be at the bottom of the pile, 
be low, down, 
be made of, consist of, be made up of, be composed of, made out of, made with, made from, 
be madly in love, be head over heels in love, infatuated, have a crush on, be mad about, be crazy about, be besotted, 
be married to, 
be mature, act like an adult, act your age, 
be meant to do something, supposed to do something, be intended to do something, be designed to do something, 
be more than, be greater than, exceed, outnumber, be up on, pass, go past, surpass, 
be naked, nakedness, nude, nudity, unclothed, nothing on, not have anything on, stripped, bare, expose (oneself)
be named for, be named after, namesake
be neighbors, live next to each other, live near each other, live in the same neighborhood, live on the same street, live nearby
be nervous, be on edge, have butterflies (in your stomach), be on pins and needles, 
be numb, have no feeling, can't feel anything, be insensitive (to pain), go to sleep, go dead, go numb, lose feeling, 
be nuts, be crackers, need your head examined, be out of your mind, be off your rocker, be stark raving mad, be out to lunch, 
be obsessed with, be fascinated by, can't get something out of your mind, have a thing about, have an unhealthy interest in, have a one-track mind, 
be off, break down, broken
be on someone's tail, be on someone's heels, tailgate, be right behind, 
be on the edge of your seat, be on tenterhooks, be all agog, 
be on the way out, fall into disuse, 
be on your guard, beware, take heed, be on the lookout, watch, 
be on, be on top of, topside, upon, 
be on, run, operate, work
be orphaned, be an orphan
be out of breath, be winded, have a stitch (in your side)
be out of fashion, out, unfashionable, old-fashioned, 
be out of order, be in the wrong order, be the wrong way round, backwards, 
be out of place, be out of keeping, not be in keeping, incongruous, 
be out of place, misfit,  
be out, outside, outer
be part of, form a part of, inherent, 
be past caring, for all I care, not give a damn, couldn't care less
be past it, be over the hill, be a bit long in the tooth, 
be patient, bear, endure, persevere, patiently, persist, plod, plug, tolerate, 
be pleased with
be pleased with, happy with, satisfied with, approve of, delight in, be favorable toward, impressed with, thrilled with, tickled with, respect, 
be poor, be below the poverty line, hardship case
be possessed by a spirit, drugs
be possessed, be demonized, go into a trance, 
be possible, not too hard, can do it, no problem, doable
be pregnant, be going to have a baby, be having a baby, be expecting, bear, carry, carry to term, 
be premature
be promoted, move up the ladder, move on to higher things, promotion, rise, advancement, 
be proud of yourself, be full of yourself, fancy yourself, let something go to your head, 
be proud of, be pleased with, be delighted with, be thrilled with, take pride in, pride yourself on, 
be pure, undefiled, unpolluted, washed, sprinkled
be pushing, be getting on for, 
be quite capable of, I wouldn't put it past him
be red/green, be a red/reddish color, colored, tinted, 
be reduced in status, humble, reduce in rank, bust (in rank), debase, degrade, demote
be related (to someone), 
be related by marriage
be ridiculous, make a fool of yourself
be sad, feel sad, feel down, grieve, mourn, feel sorry for yourself, sulk, wallow in, feel hurt, 
be scattered, thrown apart, resettled, thinly spread, spread out, far flung, flung, dispersed
be selfish, think of nobody but yourself, self-centered, egocentric, look out for yourself, look out for number one
be separate, alone, lonely, isolated, hermit, recluse, cloistered, sanctified, singular, bachelor, old maid, orphan, be by yourself, cut off from people, marooned, remote, distant
be shamed, be ashamed, feel ashamed, feel disgraced, can't look someone in the face, lose face, 
be shocked, feel shocked, 
be shy, feel shy, 
be sick, be ill, not be well, be in a bad way, do poorly, 
be sick, throw up, vomit, puke, barf, bring up, regurgitate, spew, 
be sitting, be seated
be someone's pride and joy, be the pride of, be a credit to, 
be stone deaf, be as deaf as a post, totally deaf, profoundly deaf, 
be sure, be certain, be positive, know, know very well, swear, I could have sworn, have no doubt, confident, convinced, satisfied (that), I bet, I'd put money on it, say what you like, 
be surprised, wonder, be in awe, 
be the first to do something, show the way, lead the way, pioneer, break new ground, 
be the right size, dovetailed, a good fit, 
be the same, unchanged, hasn't changed a bit, hasn't changed at all, unaffected, 
be to someone's disadvantage, be against, 
be two of a kind, have a lot in common, tantamount, 
be unable to have children, infertile, sterile, barren, childless, sterility, unfruitful, impotence, impotent, infertility, 
be unconscious, fainted, passed out, coma, be in a coma, be out, insensible
be under restraint, bound, captive, in confinement, held, limited, restricted,  
be under someone's control, be in someone's power, be under someone's spell, be at someone's mercy, be a doormat
be unreliable, untrustworthy, irresponsible, unfaithful, disloyal, treacherous, cheat on
be unresponsive, be like dead
be upset, hurt, distressed, troubled, 
be used to, be used for, be for, for, 
be warm, lukewarm, tepid, 
be wealthy, be rich, rich person, the rich, the wealth, the upper class, live comfortable, be well-off, well-to-do
be widowed, widowhood, lose your husband/wife
be winning, lead, be ahead, be in the lead, be out in front, 
be, 
be, be a kind of, be a type of, be a member of, include
be, fare, stand, 
be, represent, amount to, form, make, constitute
be... -en, 
bead of sweat
bean, dry, grind
beans
bear, grizzly, koala, panda, polar bear
bearable, endurable, tolerable, 
beard, mustache, whiskers, sideburns, goatee, facial hair, peach fuzz
Beast of burden
beast of burden, horse, equine, donkey, burro, ass, mule, camel, llama, elephant, 
beat (n), heartbeat, pulse, rhythm, 
beat (v), thump, throb, 
beat back, beat off, drive off, hold out against, fend off, fight off, fling back, repel, repulse, 
beat their breast, tear their clothes, shave their head, put ashes on their head
beat, defeat, outplay, be more than match for, 
beautician, hair stylist, 
Beautiful
beautiful singing voice, can't carry a tune in a bucket, sing on/off key
beautiful, attractive, pretty, lovely, gorgeous, splendid, magnificent, stunning, superb, exquisite, elegant, artistic, 
beautiful, good-looking, pretty, attractive, striking, handsome, lovely, gorgeous, stunning, ravishing, of great beauty, elegant, 
beautiful, lovely, cute, 
beautiful, lovely, pretty, scenic, picturesque, magnificent, beauty spot, spectacular, 
beautifully, prettily, attractively, exquisitely, 
beautify, spruce up, 
beauty salon, beauty parlor, barber shop, hair salon, 
beauty, looks, good looks, 
becloud, befog, block, blot out, cloak, cloud, conceal, cover, eclipse, enshroud, hide, mask, obfuscate, obscure, obstruct, occlude, screen, shroud, veil, 
beclouded, befogged, blocked, cloaked, concealed, covered, eclipsed, enshrouded, hidden, masked, obscured, screened, shrouded, veiled
become (characteristic), change, come to be, turn, get, develop, grow into, turn into, change into, become different, evolve
become audible, reach the ear, be heard, fall on the ear, 
become extinct, extinction, die out, disappear, vanish, cease to exist, disappearance, disintegrate, disintegration, fade, loss, 
become peaceful, pacify, pacification
Become, change state
becoming, 
Bed
bed
bed, double bed, twin bed, bunk bed, queen sized bed, king sized bed, mat, sleeping mat, mattress, cot, pallet, hideaway bed, hammock, berth, guest bed
bedeck, adorn
bedridden, decline, failing, life is ebbing, sinking (fast), seriously ill, critically ill, terminally ill, be fatal, 
bedtime, nighttime, time to go to sleep, 
bedtime, time to go to sleep, 
beef (cow), mutton (sheep), venison (deer)
beef, steak, hamburger, minced meat, rump roast, fillet
beehive
Beekeeping
beekeeping, beekeeper, suit, hive, bee, honey, honeycomb, wax, queen, drone, worker, nectar, sting, smoke
beer, wine, rice wine, sake, mead, whiskey, vodka, millet beer, banana beer, 
Before
before (adv), earlier, formerly, previously, ago, already, 
before (conj), prior to, on the eve of, pre-, 
before, by, not later than, at the latest, 
before, in front of, ahead of, 
beforehand, in advance, advance, prior, 
Beg
beg, beg for, panhandle, bum, mooch off, ask alms
beget, begetting, begotten, impregnate, get (her) pregnant, father (v) a child, procreate, procreation, reproduce, sire, engender, generate, 
beggar, mendicant, scrounger, parasite, panhandler, bum
Begin a relationship
begin a relationship, join, affiliate, associate, enlist, enroll, enter, establish, fall in with, sign up, worm your way in, hit it off, 
begin, start, commence, beginning, the start, commencement, initiate, to institute, inception
begin, start, commence, initiate, to institute, 
Beginning
beginning, the start, commencement, inception, at first, initially, originally, 
beguile, bewitch, charm, dazzle, delight, enchant, enthrall, fascinate, gladden, gratify, impress, please, thrill, tickle, wow, 
beguiling, bewitching, charming, dazzling, delightful, enchanting, enthralling, fascinating, gratifying, impressive, pleasing, thrilling, 
behave, act, conduct yourself, be, acquit yourself, bear, comport, deal, deport, devote, lead, live, occupy, order your steps, practice, 
behave, behavior, conduct, relate, relationship, socialize, society
Behavior
behavior, antics, conduct, character, manner, demeanor, characteristic, air, bearing, behavior, carriage, comportment, course, custom, dealing, deportment, doings, etiquette, existence, life, manners, mien, trait, way of life, the way someone acts,  
Behind
behind, in back, way back, in the rear, background
behold, look, will you look at that, get a load of this, (point)
belief
belief, superstition, old wives' tale
believable, convincing, indubitable, undeniable, indisputable, incontrovertible, credible, trustworthy, faithful, dependable, to be depended on, probable, persuasive, plausible, authoritative, reliable, have a ring of truth, sounds right, certain, convincing, sure
Believe
believe in, have confidence in, have faith in, put your trust in, take your word for, pin your hopes on, give the benefit of the doubt
believe, faith, trust, accept, confidence, give credence to, consider, count on, rely on, reliance, depend on, dependence, swear by, take for granted, bet on, bank on, buy, take at face value, store, stock, take someone's word for it, cling to, be convinced, be dogmatic, follow, heed, receive, think something is true
believe, repent, return (to God), receive, work, earn
believer, follower
believer, member (of the faith), adherent, follower, practitioner
belong to a group, be a member, belong in something, be on something, 
Belong to an organization
beloved, dear
Below standard
below, beneath, sunken, lower
belt buckle, button, buttonhole, clasp, cuff-link, lace, snap, zip, zipper, 
belt loop, bodice, collar, cowl, crease, cuff, fringe, hem, hood, lapel, leg, neck, neckband, neckline, placket, pocket, sash, seam, seat, shirttail, skirt, sleeve, slit, tassel, waist, waistband, waistline, 
belt, cane, lash, paddle, rod, stick, strap, switch, whip
Bend
Bend down
bend over backwards to do something, go out of your way to do something, take the trouble to do something, 
bend the rules, make an exception, concession, excuse, exempt, waive, 
bend, bend down, bend over, bob, bow, cower, crouch, double up, duck, get down, hunch, hunker down, lean over, scrunch, stoop, 
bend, bow, curve, kink, loop, angle, joint, 
bend, bow, flex, curve, put a kink in, 
bend, buckle, curl, sag, warp, 
bend, curve, twist, 
bendable, flexible, flexibility, jointed, pliable, plastic, supple, 
Beneficiary (of a patient)
Beneficiary of an event
bent, arched, bowed, crinkled, curved, curving, curled, devious, gnarled, gnarly, hooked, indirect, jagged, kinked, knotted, knotty, knurled, knurly, turning, twirled, twisted, 
bent, stooped, hunched over, humpback, crooked, 
bereaved, 
berry, strawberry, raspberry, cranberry, blueberry
Beside
best man, maid of honor, groomsman, bridesmaid, wedding party, guest
bestial, bestiality
Betray
betray, double-cross, stab in the back, sell out, sell someone down the river, 
betray, turn traitor, collaborate, treason, 
betrayal, sell-out, treachery, treason, 
betrayer, collaborator, informant, informer, Judas, rat, renegade, saboteur, snitch, squealer, subversive, tattle-tale, traitor
Better
better, best, surpass, superior
Between
between, amid, amidships, amidst, among, amongst, betwixt, center, central, equidistant, half-way, mean, medial, median, medium, mid, middle, middlemost, midst, midway, therein, throughout, within, 
Beverage
beverage, drink
bewail, crying, groan, moan, sigh, wail, weep, 
bewildered, mixed-up
bias someone against, prejudice someone against
bib, napkin (serviette), placemat
bid, 
Big
Big area
Big container, volume
big toe, first toe, middle toe, third toe, little toe
big, large, biggish, bulky, fair-sized, be a fair size, good-sized, be a good size, bulky, grand, imposing, sizable, substantial, 
big, large, capacious, voluminous, 
big, large, extensive, fair-sized, be a fair size, broad, expansive, wide, wide open, 
big, major, sweeping, radical, fundamental, revolutionary, monumental, 
bigamy, bigamist, bigamous, concubinage, concubine, harem, polygamist, polygamous, polygamy, 
bigger, biggest, 
bigger, biggest, larger, largest, greater, greatest, 
bigger, biggest, roomier, 
bile, gall (fluid from the liver stored in the gall bladder)
bill
billy, he-goat, nanny, she-goat
bind tightly, cinch up, tighten, truss up
bingo, blackjack, bridge, cards, checkers, chess, charades, craps, dice, dominoes, gin, hearts, jacks, lotto, mahjongg, marbles, Monopoly, Parcheesi, poker, roulette, solitaire, 
biology, biologist, life science, ecology, ecologist, natural history, naturalist
biology, ecology
Bird
bird call
bird egg, reptile egg, insect egg
bird of prey, songbird, flightless bird, flying, water bird, arboreal, domesticated, insectivorous, migratory, nocturnal, oceanic, predator, raptor, seabird, songbird, shorebird, waterfowl
bird, fowl, poultry
birdcage, chicken coop
Birth
Birth ceremony
birth ceremony, christening, naming ceremony, baptism
birth certificate, passport, identification papers
birth control, family planning, contraception, sterilize, sterilization, vasectomy, 
Birth defect
birth defect, genetic defect, congenital abnormality, deformity, 
Birth order
birth, childbirth, birthing, childbed, parturition, nativity, 
birthday
birthday party
birthright, 
bitch
bitch, busty, catty, curvaceous, dish, distaff, doll, estrous, girlish, hag, hussy, maidenly, menopausal, shrew, slatternly, slattern, slut, unfeminine, unladylike, virginal, womanish, womanlike, 
bitch, gripe (v), grumble, moan, nag (v), whine, go on about, 
bite, 
bite, bite into, bite off, take a bite, chomp down on, champ, crunch, 
Bite, chew
bite, chew, 
bite, sting, inject, 
bitter, acrid, astringent, bitter-tasting, caustic, 
bitterly jealous, 
blab, inform on, rat on, snitch, squeal, tattle, 
Black
black widow, brown recluse, tarantula, wolf spider, scorpion, tick, mite
black, pitch black, jet-black, inky black, ebony black, black as coal, coal-black, black as pitch, black as night, night-black, henna, negro, raven, 
blacken, scorch, singe, 
blacksmith shop, foundry, steelworks
Blame
blame someone for something, blame something on someone, say something is somebody's fault, put the blame on, lay the blame on, apportion blame, hold someone responsible, 
blame yourself, reproach yourself, 
blameless, inculpable, irreproachable, 
blank, ... (ellipsis), you know what I mean 
blare, blast, outburst, outcry, report, 
blaspheme, scoff, profane, irreverent
blast (of a trumpet), blare, crash (of a cymbal), timbre, 
blaze, ablaze, burn fiercely, burn brightly, burn hot
blaze, the flames, 
blazing, brilliant, 
bleat, 
Bleed, blood
Blemish
blemish,  blot, dapple, excrescence, freckle, mole, pimple, speck, speckle, small fault,
blemished, defaced, marred, 
Bless
bless, pronounce a blessing, give a blessing, bestow a blessing, invoke, 
blessing in disguise, 
blessing, benediction, 
blight, 
blight, wither
Blind
blind (v), 
blind person, blind man, the blind, 
blind, astigmatism, clear-eyed, clear-sighted, cross-eyed, eyesight, good eyesight, poor eyesight, farsighted, lynx-eyed, myopia, myopic, nearsighted, purblind, sightless, visionless, 
blind, sightless, can't see, totally blind, visually handicapped, visually-impaired, 
blindfold, blind, dazzle, block someone's view, 
blinding, dazzling, glare, 
blindness, 
blink, wink, close, open, squint, open wide (in amazement), bat (eyelids), flutter, 
blissfully happy, overjoyed, delighted, ecstatic, elated, exultant, joyful, jubilant, radiant, thrilled
block, check, hem in, blockade, get in the way, 
block, cube, slab, bar, 
Block, dam up
block, dam up, barricade, wall off
block, slab
blockade, dam, barricade, wall, barrier, fence
blocked, buzz, crew cut, military cut, long, shaved, tonsure
blond, red, auburn, chestnut, fair, dark, grizzled, mousy, ginger, sandy, 
blonde, brunette, redhead, towhead, redheaded, fair-haired, dark-haired, black-haired, grey-haired, 
blood relation, 
blood type, 
blood, drop of blood
bloodshot, bleary, bleary-eyed, beady eyes, thick (eyebrows), long (eyelashes), blue-eyed, cross-eyed, 
bloody, bloodstained, gory, gruesome, 
Blow air
blow out (a candle)
blow up, inflate, pump up, pneumatic
blow your nose, pick your nose, wipe your nose, 
blow, fan, exhaust, expel, explode
blow, knock down (things), rip, tear off, bend, puff out, billow out (sail), push (boat), raise (waves), fan flames, push snow into drifts, ventilate a house
blow, mold, shape, form, anneal
blowgun, ram, sling, slingshot, whip
blowhard, braggart, bighead, name-dropper
blue, azure, baby-blue, beryl-blue, carbuncle, cerulean, cobalt, cyan, cyanic, indigo, lapis lazuli, navy blue, Prussian blue, royal blue, sapphire, sky blue, teal, turquoise, ultramarine, 
blue, clear, black (night), cloudy, cloud filled, brilliant, dark, night sky, foreboding, stormy, dark, star studded
Blunt
blunt, dull
blush, turn red, 
boar, sow
Boast
boast (n), claim (n), 
boast, brag, claim, crow, bravado, name-drop, praise yourself, swagger, toot your own horn, blow your own trumpet, vaunt yourself, 
boastful, vain, proud, bigheaded, be all talk, be all bluster, 
boasting, bragging, name-dropping, 
Boat
Bodies of water
Body
Body condition
Body functions
body of water, hydrosphere
body, 
body, chassis
body, dead body, corpse, cadaver, stiff, carcass, carrion, mummy, 
body, trunk, torso, abdomen, abdominal, 
boil, burn, chafe, fume, fuss, mope, seethe, simmer, smolder, stew, sulk, sullen, bear a grudge, hold a grudge against, have something against, have it in for, hold something against someone, there is no love lost between, 
boil, evaporate, evaporation, vaporize, steam
boil, fry, scramble, poach, bake
boil, infection, sore, open sore, scab, rash, ulcer, abscess, bunion, growth, tumor, bruise, gangrene, inflammation, pox, lesion, canker, corn, eruption, blister, bedsore, cold sore, 
boil, melt, burn, warp, sweat, 
boiled egg, fried egg, scrambled eggs, poached egg, omelet, baked eggs, quiche, caviar (fish eggs)
bomb, grenade, mine, missile, rocket, atomic bomb, hydrogen bomb
bond, coherent, fast, secure, stay, strong (joint/bond), weak (joint/bond), stuck, 
bone of contention, 
bone, bony, 
bone, horn, shell
Bone, joint
bonsai
bony, finned, jawed, jawless, lobe-finned, poisonous, snouted
boo (v), boo (n), booing, 
boom (v), roar, thunder, blare, at full volume, at full blast, 
boom, crack, rumble, thunder (v), 
boom, prosper, prosperous, prosperity, bull market
boondocks, boonies, country, countryside, desert, field, outback, outland, outskirts, rural, sticks, upcountry, wasteland, wilderness
border, boundary
border, boundary, frontier, 
bore (n), 
bore (v), put you to sleep
bore, caliber, diameter, 
bored, bored to tears, bored stiff
borer, carnivorous, cosmopolitan, crawling, creeping, diurnal, dauber, flying, hopper, hopping, insectile, larva, larval, nocturnal, pest, predacious, predator, pupa, queen, segmented, stinging, two-winged, venomous, winged, wingless
Borrow
borrow, have the use of
borrow, take out a loan
bossy, coercive, pushy
botany, botanist, herbalist
Both
both, the two of, the pair of, each, mutual, share, either, neither, 
bottle, can, cure, dry, embalm, freeze, mummify, pickle, refrigerate, salt, smoke, tan, 
Bottom
bottom (adj), 
bottom (n), underside, base, breech, foot, foundation, ventral, undersurface, 
bottomless, 
bounce, rebound, glance off, ricochet, recoil, 
Boundary
boundary, border, 
Bow
bow your head, kneel, fold your hands
bow, arrow, crossbow, longbow
bow, bow down, bow to/before someone
bow, kneel, genuflect, prostrate oneself
bow, prostrate
bow, stern, starboard, port, deck, gunwale, below decks, mast, spar, crow's nest, figurehead, rudder, helm, superstructure, 
box turtle, leatherback, snapping turtle, Galapagos tortoise, terrapin
box, beat up, punch, hit out at, strike out at
boy, lad, youth, young man, schoolboy, little shaver, 
boyish, childish, effeminate, milksop, mincing, sissified, sissy, unmanly, wimp, womanish
Br'er rabbit
brachiopod, lampshell
bracken, brake, fern, maidenhair
braid, plait, perm, dye, style
brain injury, mental trauma, shock, 
brain, spinal column, spinal cord, nerve, nervous, nerve ending, synapse, synaptic, cerebellum, cerebrum, ganglion, hypothalamus, neural, neuron, 
brake, catch, skid
branch, bough, limb, twig, stick, stem, fork
branch, confluence, fork, tributary
branch, department, division, section, sector, wing, end, subdivision, 
branch, excrescence, 
brat, nuisance, pest, bully,  
Brave
brave, bravely, bravery, courage, courageous, courageously, fearless, fearlessly, unafraid, 
brawny, burly, 
breach
bread, pastry, brown bread, white bread, biscuit, muffin, roll, sweetbread, sandwich, tortilla, toast, loaf
break
Break
break
Break a contract
break a contract, nullify
break a fast
break in, break down the door, case a joint, crack a safe, pick a lock, 
break into a run, set off on a run
break into a smile, someone's face lights up, 
break into pieces, smash, crush, pulverize, atomize
break out in a sweat, break into a sweat, begin to sweat
break out, make a break for it, bust out, 
break room, lunchroom, in the shade, 
Break the law
break the waters
break through, breakout
break, bust, fracture
break, bust, give out, 
break, fracture, dislocate, crack, hamstring, jam, sprain, stub, twist, wrench, do your back in, put out your back, 
break, renege on, go back on promise, 
Break, wear out
breakable, brittle, delicate, fragile, flimsy, 
breakages, damaged goods, 
breakfast, lunch, supper, brunch, mid afternoon snack, midnight snack, tea, luncheon, 
breast milk, milk, bottle, baby food, bib, highchair, 
breast, nipple, vagina, clitoris, uterus, womb, ovary, egg, vulva, labia majora, labia minora, vestibule, genitals, private parts, 
breastfeed, nurse, feed, wean, suck, suckle, 
breath of air, puff of wind, gust, blast, flurry
breathe hard, pant, huff and puff, gulp, 
breathe in, take a breath, inhale, gasp, draw breath, whiff, 
breathe out, exhale, blow, 
Breathe, breath
breathe, rise and fall (of the chest), 
breathe, talk, eat, taste, clear your throat, suck, blow, kiss, gag, 
breathing, breath, respiration, 
breathless, out of breath, draw breath, 
breed, crossbred, crossbreed, hybrid, interbred, mongrel, stud
brevity, brief, concise, curt, pithy, succinct, synopsis, synoptic, terse, 
brew
bribe
Bribe
bribe, appease, pacify, give in to demands
bribe, offer a bribe, give a bribe, take a bribe, bribery, corrupt, corruption, kickback, money under the table
bribery, appeasement, pacification
brickwork, lay bricks
bride, bridal, groom, bridegroom, couple, bride and groom, 
bridge, 
bridge, ford
Bright
bright, brightly colored, brilliant, pure, gaudy, garish, vivid, flashy, fresh, intense, strong, hot, 
bright, brilliant, dim, luminous
bright, gifted, precocious, prodigy, whiz kid
bright, intense, brilliant, blinding, glaring, glistening, luminous, dim
bright, light, well lit, ablaze with light, 
bright, pale, 
bright, strong, good, harsh, 
brighten up, cheer up, perk up, be cheered, be heartened, take heart
brim, peak, ribbon
bring someone around, resuscitate
bring someone out of their shell, bring someone out, put someone at ease, 
bring up, raise, broach, introduce, launch into, 
bring up, raise, rear, have custody, parent (v) a child, mother (v) a child, child-rearing, 
Brit, the English, American, Canadian, Aussie, Kiwi
brittle, weak, weakness, breakable
broadcast
broadleaf, conifer, coniferous, cycad, deciduous, evergreen, fir, fruit tree, palm, pine, timber
broken relationship, break up, strained relationship, misunderstanding, co-dependency
broken, broken down, busted
broken, smashed, crushed, pulverized, (be) in pieces, busted
brood, clutch (of eggs), kit, litter (of kittens), farrow (of pigs)
broom, dustpan, mop
broom, dustpan, mop, scrub brush, rake, brush
Brother, sister
brown, tan, beige, flesh colored, auburn, brunette, buff, chestnut, chocolate, cinnamon, cocoa, coffee, dun, fawn, foxy, hazel, khaki, mahogany, ocher, russet, rust, sepia, sienna, sorrel, umber, walnut, 
browse, look around, sight-seeing, 
bubble (n), bubble (v), bubbly, suds, foam
bubble, foam, foaming, froth, whip
bucket, cistern, water barrel
bud, leaf out, produce leaves
Buddhism
Buddhism, Buddhist, Buddha, temple, pagoda, nirvana, enlightenment, monk
buddy, buster, guy, gal, bro, sis
build a friendship, become friends, befriend, be friendly
build a road, lay a new road, build up the bed, pave
build up a fire
build up, encourage, bolster, boost, congratulate, 
build, construct
build, figure, physique, 
builder, maker, producer, manufacturer
Building
Building equipment and maintenance
Building materials
building, structure, construction, kitchen house, bathhouse, outhouse, latrine, outbuilding, bank, elevator, gallery, garage, gazebo, hospital, library, lighthouse, mausoleum, museum, outbuilding, observatory, pavilion, pyramid, rotunda, skyscraper, tabernacle, tower, 
bulge, puff out, balloon out, protrude
bull's-eye, dead center
bull, cow
bullfrog, tree frog, horned toad, mud puppy, newt, salamander, eft
bully, 
bully, terrorist, blackmailer, extortionist
bundle, bunch, sheaf, pack, package, packet, string of, 
bundle, package, packet, parcel
bungalow, mansion, duplex, apartment
burgle, burglarize, hold up, knock over, loot, rob (a bank), shoplift, 
burial arrangements, wash (the body), wrap, anoint
burn
Burn
burn (n), burned off area
burn something, 
burn something, set something on fire, set fire to, torch (v), 
burn up, burn down, burn to the ground, consume, incinerate, destroy by fire, reduce to ashes, 
burn, first/second/third degree burn, boil, scald, 
burnt, 
burp, burp (n), belch, belch (n), 
burrow, den, foxhole, lair
burst, break open
Bury
bury
bury, burial, inter, interment, lay to rest, entomb
bush, bushy, shrub, hedge
Bush, shrub
business man, secretary, treasurer, accountant
Business organization
business, organization, company, industry, industrial, enterprise, establishment, firm, institution
Busy
busy signal, go dead, wrong number
busy, have a lot to do, have your hands full, pressure, overburdened, 
busybody, eavesdropper, interloper, intruder, meddler, snoop
But
but, however, 
but, however, on the other hand, at the same time, having said that, mind you, 
but, however, whereas, while, by contrast, conversely, 
but, only, except, 
but, only, except, except for the fact that, 
but, yet, still, nevertheless, even so, anyway, all the same, in spite of this, despite this, for all that, though, although, 
butcher, butchery, dress (meat)
butcher, skin, pluck feathers, render, 
Butcher, slaughter
butler (house), field hand, farm hand (fields), ranch hand (ranch)
butler, maid, chambermaid, housemaid, houseboy, 
butt, dregs, leavings, offscourings, rags, scraps, sweepings, 
Buy
buy, purchase, pick up (at the store)
buyer, customer
buzz, chirp, chirr, drone, whine, gnaw
buzz, hum, whirr, whine, bleep, roar, tick, 
by hand
by mistake, mistaken, mistakenly, in error, erroneously, 
by, by means of
bystander, onlooker, spectator, wall flower, 
Cabinet
cabinet, dresser, chest of drawers, wardrobe, buffet, bookshelf, set of shelves, cupboard, drawer, shelf
cackle, cluck, crow, cockle doodle doo
cad, chesty, dandified, dandy, fatherly, foppish, fox, gentlemanly, rake, stud, 
Caesarean, 
cage, birdcage, zoo, park, reserve, preserve
calculate, work out, figure out, make, figure, compute, solve, 
calculating, scheming, 
calculation, sum, estimate, estimation, count (n), 
calculator, computer, abacus, slide rule, 
Calendar
calendar, Gregorian calendar, Julian calendar, BC (before Christ), AD (ad Domino), Christian era
calendar, pocket calendar, wall calendar, daily planner, schedule
calf, bullock, heifer
caliper, chain, line, micrometer, rod, rule, ruler, tape measure, measuring tape, tapeline, yardstick, 
Call
call (up), ring, phone (v), dial
call attention to, bring something to someone's attention, point out
call, claim, have dibs, lay claim to, stake a claim 
call, holler at, yell to, yell at, get someone's attention
call, name, rename,  
call, phone (v)
call, shake, dump water on him
callus, calloused, 
Calm
calm (adj), calmly, collected, composed, cool, dispassionate, peaceful, phlegmatic, quiescent, sedate, serene, staid, steady, tranquil, unruffled, not fazed, 
calm (n), composure, presence of mind, equanimity, peace, placidity, poise, repose, serenity, tranquility, 
calm down, 
calm down, cool down, cool off, compose yourself, steady your nerves, relax, quiet down, 
calm someone, calm someone down, soothe, 
calm, becalmed, quiet, peaceful, tranquil, hardly a ripple, glassy, still, stagnant
calm, quiet, peaceful
Calm, rough
calm, unexcited,
calming influence, tranquilizer, 
calming, 
camera, set, prop, studio
camera, video camera
camp, migrate
campfire, hellfire
Can
Can't
can't breathe, choke, suffocate, 
can't do something, not be able to do something, cannot, be incapable of, not be capable of, be unable to do something, someone's inability to do something, incompetent, unqualified, unfitted, untrained, not be equipped, be ill-equipped, powerless, 
can't escape, can't get out, trapped, be stuck, there is no escape, be imprisoned, be a prisoner, 
can't go wrong, be a dead cert, it's in the bag, it's a safe bet, it's a sure bet, foolproof
can't hear, not catch, can't make out, out of earshot, 
can't see, can't make out, 
can't stop laughing, have the giggles, fall over/about laughing, have a good laugh, laugh till the tears roll down your cheeks
can hardly, can barely, can scarcely
can hear, can make out, within someone's hearing, within earshot, catch, get, 
can I, may I, do you mind if, would you mind if, is it all right if, 
can see, can make out, catch a glimpse of, 
can you tell me the way to, do you know the way to, how do I get to, can you direct me to, is this the way to, 
can, 
can, know how to, be able to, have the ability to, capable, 
canal
canal, aqueduct, ditch
canal, water-way, navigation channel, lock, dock
Cancel an event
cancel, call off, be off, scrub, shelve
cancer, cancerous, tumor, skin cancer, leukemia, lung cancer, liver cancer, malignancy, malignant, benign, 
candlepower, frequency, lumen, radiant, radiation, refract, short-wave, spectrum, 
candlestick, wax, wick
candlestick, wick, wax, candelabra, holder, 
cane, dark glasses, seeing-eye dog, Braille
cannibal
canon, canonical, apocryphal
cap and gown
capacity, dimension, distance, extent, length, measure, portion, quantity, size, volume, 
capital, seat of government, 
capitalism, capitalist, socialism, socialist, communism, communist, free enterprise, private enterprise, free-market economy
captive, prisoner of war
captivity, 
capture, round up, take someone prisoner, recapture
capture, take captive, captured, 
Card game
card game, gambling game, board game
card game, poker, 
card, deck, suit, heart, diamond, club, hand, trick, spade, kitty, 
Cardinal numbers
cards, dice, lottery, roulette
Care for
care for (a patient), nurse (a patient), nurse back to health, look after, hospice care
Care for a baby
Care for hair
Care for the fingernails
Care for the teeth
care for, take care of, 
care for, take care of, meet someone's needs
care for, watch, baby-sit, 
Careful
careful, conscientious, painstaking, deliberate, deliberately
carefully worded, careful, well thought through, off the cuff, off hand, wise, stupid, thoughtless, foolish
caregiver
careless, casual, dismiss, disregard, incautious, neglect, overlook, shrug, wing it
Careless, irresponsible
cargo, contents, freight, goods, lading, load, 
carjacking, hijack, hijacked, hijacking, piracy, 
carnal, erotic, genital, heterosexual, phallic, sexual, sexuality, sexually, venereal, 
carnival, fair, circus, parade, county fair, state fair, 
Carnivore
carnivore, carnivorous, meat eater, meat eating, predator, predatory, insectivore, insectivorous, herbivore, herbivorous, plant eating, omnivore, omnivorous, scavenger, parasite
carnivore, carnivorous, meat eating
carnivore, meat eater, meat eating
carpenter
carpenter (wood), blacksmith (iron, metal), cowboy (cattle), shepherd (sheep)
carpenter, bricklayer
carpentry shop
carpentry, to saw, to plane, to hammer, to nail, to chisel, sharpen, fit, carve, drive a screw, to screw, hollow out a log, chop in pieces
carpet, carpeted, rug, throw rug, floor mat, rushes, straw mat
carpet, rug, mat
Carry
carry in arms, carry on back
carry, bear, tote
Carrying tool
cartilage, tendon, fluid sack, socket, ball
cartilaginous, ray-finned, soft finned
carve, sculpt, carve a sculpture, mold a figurine
carver, sculptor
carving, sculpture, model
cascade, cataract, pour, precipitate, shower, 
Case
case, declension 
cassava
Cast lots
cast lots [in English and many languages there isn't a generic term; 'cast lots' is archaic]
cast out a demon, exorcise, drive out, expel, deliver/free/release from demonic power/influence
cast, 
cast, throw, pull in, bring in, mend net, dry net
Castrate animal
castrate, spay, neutered
casual, offhand, nonchalant, gaily, 
casualty, missing in action, 
casualty, victim, the injured, the wounded, 
Cat
cat, feline
cat, lion, lioness, leopard, leopardess, genet, wild-cat, bobcat, cheetah, tiger, tigress, lynx, wildcat, cougar, panther, puma, jaguar, jaguarundi, ocelot, caracal
cataracts, glaucoma, 
Catch
catch fire, start burning, burst into flames, spark, smolder
catch sight of, catch a glimpse of, get a look at, 
catch up with, overtake
catch up, be gaining on, be closing on
Catch, capture
catch, capture, trap
catch, catch up with, capture, get, corner, hunt down, nab, seize, seizure, trap, 
catch, detect, entrap, catch red-handed, trap, trip up, find out, prove, 
catch, hide-and-seek, hopscotch, leapfrog, mumblety-peg, tag, 
catch, intercept, snag
catch, scale, gut, clean, smoke, dry, smoked fish, dried fish
catch, trap, snare
catch, trap, snare, capture, round up, 
Catholic, Protestant, Baptist, Presbyterian, Methodist
Cattle
cattle, bovine
cattle, cow, goat, sheep, alpaca, antelope, bighorn sheep, bison, buffalo, camel, carabao, caribou, chamois, deer, stag, buck, doe, dromedary, eland, elk, gazelle, gemsbok, giraffe, gnu, hart, hartebeest, ibex, kudu, llama, moose, musk ox, okapi, oryx, pronghorn, reindeer, roe, roebuck, sable antelope, sambar, springbok, steenbok, wildebeest, yak
caught red-handed
Cause
Cause of disease
cause, reason, source, because, because of, for this reason, for the above reasons, for the following reasons, first cause, origin, breed (v), gives birth to, due to, owing to, thus
cause, source, 
Caution
cautious, caution, careful
cease, finish, stop, 
ceasefire, truce, armistice, peace treaty, 
Celebrate
celebrate, commemorate, honor, do something in someone's honor, mark, in celebration of
celebration, party, feast, festival, pageant, parade
celestial, heavenly, hellish
cell, cellblock, bars, stocks, death row, solitary confinement, cooler, 
cell, cellular, chromosome, protoplasm, 
cement, mortar
cemetery, churchyard, graveyard, mausoleum, mass grave, burial ground, charnel house, 
census, take a census, number (v)
cent, penny, nickel, dime, quarter, half dollar, dollar, silver dollar, greenback, bill, C note, pence, pound
center line, shoulder, edge, median, lane, passing lane, bed, roadbed, surface, pavement, sidewalk, curb
centipede
ceramics, pottery, clay pot, clay pipe, clay idol, brick, tile
cereal, staple, meat, fruit, vegetable, salad, raw food, cooked food, condiment, main dish, side dish
Ceremony
ceremony
certain, definite, conclusive
certainly, 
certainly, absolutely, definitely, there is no doubt, undoubtedly, without a doubt, without doubt, without a shadow of a doubt, unquestionably, be beyond dispute, there's no denying, there are no two ways about it, there is no question
Certainly, definitely
certainly, definitely, be bound to, be sure to, be certain to, be assured of, be only a matter of time, be just a matter of time, cut and dried, you can bet your life, you can bet your bottom dollar, be a certainty, be a foregone conclusion, for sure
certificate of divorce, writ of divorce, divorce papers, divorce court
cetacean, pinniped
Chair
chair, armchair, highchair, seat, stool, couch, sofa, swing
chameleon, agama lizard, skink, gecko, monitor lizard, iguana
Chance
chance, luck, fortune, fate, 
change (v), change (n), revise, revision, revolutionize, revolution, reform, reformation, modify, modification, develop, development, make different, impact, process, transform, 
Change behavior
Change color
change color, lose its color, blush, turn pale, pale, blanch, 
change plans, change your mind, rethink, have second thoughts, backtrack, U-turn
change someone's diaper, diaper, nappy, bathe, baby powder, baby lotion, 
change someone, discipline, train, reform someone, influence, have a good/bad influence on someone, turn someone toward/away from something
Change something
change topics, switch topics, turn to, get onto, 
change your behavior, modify your behavior, alter your behavior, turn to something
Change your mind
change your posture/stance, pose, shift, squirm
changeable
chapter, verse, text, Old/New Testament, Law, Prophets, Gospels, Epistles, Apocalypse
charcoal
charity, donation, handout, 
charm, amulet, evil eye, talisman, fetish, wand, rod, divining rod, magic ring, philosopher's stone, magic carpet, cauldron, 
charm, enchantress, 
charmed, bewitched, spellbound, haunted, 
chase (n), pursuit, 
Chase away
chase away, send away, exile, expel, send out, dismiss
chassis, body, engine, brake, gas pedal, brakes, gear, steering wheel, windshield, windshield wiper, horn,
chauffeur, driver, truck driver, cab driver, porter, loader, mover, dispatcher, captain of ship, sailor, pilot, copilot, navigator, steward, stewardess
Cheap
cheap, low, inexpensive, great price, bargain, on sale, deal (n)
Cheat
cheat, chisel, deceive, defraud, fraud, greed, impose yourself on, maneuver, scheme, swindle, take someone, trick, 
Check
check, constraint, impediment, limitation, restriction,
check, make sure, make certain, double-check, verify, confirm, check out, crosscheck, see for yourself, check up on, 
cheer for, applaud, congratulate
cheer up, 
cheer, hearten, entertain, brighten your day, 
cheerful (thought), 
cheerful, solemn, horrified, pained, wry, 
chemical, compound, molecule, molecular, radical, valence
chemist, alchemist
chemist, pharmacist, druggist, pharmacy, herbalist, 
chemistry
cherish (a memory/thought), treasure
Chess
chess board, square, white square, black square, chess piece, king, queen, rook, knight/horse, bishop, pawn
chess match
chess player, grand master
chess tournament
chess, chess game
chest, back, belly, rump, croup, tail, switch, udder, flank, brisket, teat, hindquarters, 
chew, gnaw, masticate
chick, baby bird, hatchling
Chicken
chicken coop, coop, henhouse, roost
chicken, rooster, cock, hen, chick
chicken, turkey
Child
child (adj), childish, juvenile, 
child, children, kid, youngster, boy, girl, brat, small fry, imp, infant, juvenile, minor, offspring, progeny, schoolchild, squirt, tad, urchin, weanling, 
child, son, daughter, heir, scion, kid, 
childbearing years, 
childhood
children, family, issue, brood, 
Chinook, sirocco
chisel, hammer, marble, clay
choice, 
choice, selection, preference, decision
choir, chorale, singing group, duet, trio, ensemble
choir, ensemble, singing group, soloist, duo, trio, quartet, band, dance band, concert band, marching band, brass band, orchestra, full orchestra, string quartet, chamber orchestra
choke, gag
choke, strangle, suffocate, smother, 
Choose
choose, select, prefer, decide on, pick, designate, elect, favor, opt for, specify, vote, would rather have
chop
Christian, brother, fellow believer, saint
Christian, Christianity, Jesus Christ, the Virgin Mary, the Trinity, the Father, the Son of God, the Holy Spirit, Lord, cross, crucify, crucifixion, resurrection, Bible, Biblical, Scripture, Old Testament, New Testament, Gospel, apostle, church, chapel, churchgoer, priest, vicar, minister, pastor, service, Communion, Mass, sacrament, baptize, baptism, christen, christening, Christian name, confession, Christmas, Good Friday, Easter, crucifix, make the sign of the cross, saint, patron saint, Roman Catholic, Catholic, Pope, papal, Orthodox Church, Reformation, Protestant Church, Protestant, Anglican, Baptist, Methodist, Lutheran, Presbyterian
Christianity
Christianity, Islam, Hinduism, Judaism, animism, paganism, 
Christmas, New Years, Thanksgiving, Easter, Good Friday, Independence Day, Memorial Day, Labor Day, Washington's Birthday, Valentine's Day, Mothers Day, 
chronology, chronicle, record, history
chuck, sling, toss, pitch, flick, 
chug
chunk, hunk, lump, dollop, 
church, congregation, diocese, parish
church, synagogue, mosque, temple, shrine, cathedral, monastery, convent, cloister, nunnery, abbey, chapel, parsonage, sanctuary, basilica, pagoda, tabernacle, 
cigarette ash, cigarette smoke, cigarette butt
circle, loop, ball, globe, sphere, arch, 
circuitous, coiled, convoluted, corrugated, curly, curvy, kinky, meandering, pretzel, serpentine, serrated, sinuous, snaky, spiral, tortuous, twisting, undulating, waved, waving, wavy, wind, winding, zigzag, 
circulate, float, go around, be all over town, get spread
circulate, go on a circuit, circumnavigate
circulatory system, blood vessel, aorta, vein, venous, artery, arterial, capillary, jugular, pericardium, pericardial, 
circumcise, circumcision
Circumcision
circumference, around,  
circus, cockfight, bullfight
cistern, bucket, pitcher
Citizen
citizen, naturalized citizen, native, subject, countryman, inhabitant
citizenship, natural born, naturalized
City
city, town, village, hamlet, burg, community, urban
civet cat, mongoose
civilian, non-combatant, 
claim, forecast, foretell, predict, prognosticate, prophesy, 
clairvoyant, 
clamp, vise, pliers, tongs, tweezers, hot pad, 
Clan names
clap, applaud, applause, cheer, jump up and down, jump for joy, dance for joy, shout for joy, make merry, revel, weep for joy, ululate
clarity, visibility, 
clash, 
class, caste, background, status, social standing, strata
class, grade, form, year, set, student body, 
Class, lesson
class, lesson, period, session, lecture, seminar, tutorial, course, 
Classifiers
classify (with, as), classification, class, assign to a class, categorize, grade, group, sort, 
classless
classroom, lecture hall, playground, sports field, gymnasium, auditorium, staffroom
Clause conjunctions
clay, lump of clay
clean-shaven, 
clean, brush, floss, pick your teeth, gargle
clean, clear, pure, crystal clear
Clean, dirty
clean, dirty, filthy, soiled, stained, faded, old, new, brand new, never been worn, worn, torn, ripped, patched, mended
clean, dirty, yellow, decayed, chipped, loose, worn, bad breath, food stuck between the teeth
clean, scrub, scour, cleanse
clean, spanking clean, spotless, sparkling clean
clean/cleanse a wound, bandage, Band-Aid, compress, dress (a wound), dressing, tourniquet, 
Cleaning
Clear a field
clear a field, burn grass, slash and burn, uproot weeds, cut the grass
clear throat, whistle, raise hand 
clear, clear up, sun comes out, 
clear, cogent, concise, observant, 
clear, distinct, apparent, clear-cut, conspicuous, prominent, stand out, evident, glaring, manifest, obvious, patent, pronounced, unmistakable, 
clergy
clich\xc3\xa9, platitude, 
cliff, bluff, butte, escarpment, ridge, precipice, brow, ledge
climate, dry/wet/cold/hot climate, tropical, temperate
climax, high point, high spot, highlight
climb
climb onto, get on, mount, embark, hop onto, jump onto, 
climb over
climb, scale, clamber, shin up, shinny up, 
climber, mountaineer, mountain climber, rock-climber, 
climbing, mountaineering, go climbing, rock-climbing, 
clink, clank, clang, jingle, ring, tinkle, ding, toll, chime, chink, click, 
clippers, scissors, file
Clock, watch
clod, clump, lump (of clay), grain of sand
closed, close minded, rigid, inflexible, entrenched, reactionary, diehard, intransigent, have fixed ideas, stick in the mud
clot, scab, blood stain, 
Cloth
cloth, fabric
Clothes for special occasions
Clothes for special people
Clothing
clothing, clothes, dress
Cloud
cloud
cloud up, deteriorate
cloudy, cloud up, cloud cover, be clouded over, overcast, partly cloudy, scattered clouds, gray, dull, foggy
club moss
cluck, crow, cock-a-doodle-doo, cheep
Clumsy
clumsy, klutz, be all thumbs, accident-prone, ham-fisted, bungling, bumbling, bull in a china shop, butterfingers, 
cluster of fruit, bunch of grapes, hand of bananas
clutch
coach, referee, 
coach, to coach a team, call time out, captain, to captain a team
coach, to coach a team, captain, to captain a team
coagulate, staunch, to stop bleeding, to block bleeding, apply a tourniquet
coast, glide, float
cockfight, horse race
coconut, husk, shell, copra, milk, dry
cocoon, chrysalis, pupa, pupal stage, maggot, grub, larva, larval, caterpillar, nymph
code, sign language, computer language
coercion, pressure, high-pressure tactics, strong-arm tactics, 
coffee, tea, mate, hookah, chewing gum, beetle nut, 
coin a term, coinage, neologism, 
coincide, clash, 
coincidence, 
Cold
cold, cool, chilled, ice-cold, stone-cold, 
cold, frozen, icy, glacial, hibernal, hiemal, hyperborean, marmoreal, unthawed, 
cold, the cold, frosty, wintry, cold spell, cold snap, frigid, bleak, 
Collect
collect honey
collect, acquire, 
collect, gather, pick up, chop firewood, split firewood
collection, set, 
collector, 
collide, hit each other, run into each other
collocate, collocate (v), 
Color
color-blind
color (photograph), in color, 
color (v), color something in, blacken, bleach, denigrate, dye, discolor, emblazon, imbue, ingrain, paint (v), redden, shade (v), stain, tinge, tint, add color, mix colors, tone down, whiten, 
color, shade, tint, hue, coloring, pigment, tincture, cast, palette, coloration, complexion, chroma, chromatic, tone, 
colored, discolored, bleached, dyed, faded, mantled, painted, shaded, stained, tinged, tinted, 
colorful, multicolored, gaudy, garish, harlequin, multihued, many-colored, many-hued, brightly colored, variegated, polychrome, polychromatic, kaleidoscope, kaleidoscopic, play of colors, motley, pepper-and-salt, grizzled, mosaic, 
colorless, black and white, uncolored, monochrome, achromatic, ghostly, glassy, lackluster, undyed, 
Colors of the spectrum
colt, foal, filly
Comb hair
Combinative relation
Come
come apart, come free, come loose, come off, come undone, come unglued, come unhooked, come unstuck, break up, disintegrate, fall apart, fall off, fall to pieces, peel off, pop off, separate, unravel, unroll, work free, work loose, 
come around to (someone's) view, see it (someone's) way, be won over
come back to life, come back from the grave, come to life, resurrection
come before, precede, 
come before, precede, predate, lead up to, come first, be before, be a prelude to, anticipate, antedate, 
Come here!;  Get over here!
come in handy, come in useful, have its uses,
come into contact, make contact, touch, bump into, come together, brush, skim, graze, meet, connect, butt up against, come to rest against
come into fashion, come in, make a comeback, 
come last, end with, finish with, 
come loose
come of age, grow up, mature (v), reach majority, settle down, 
come on, 
come out (from hiding), surface
come out of the trance
come out of your shell, come out of yourself, open up
come out, break through (the clouds), go behind (a cloud)
come to an agreement, come together, ratify a treaty
come to be, attain, achieve, reach
come to, 
come to, amount to, total (v), reach, add up to, make, bring the number to, bring the total to, number (v), 
come together, assemble, band together, collect, cluster, come together, congregate, convene, crowd, flock, gather, join forces, muster, rendezvous, stream, throng, unite, join, 
Come together, form a group
come true, come about, be fulfilled, materialize
come untied, come loose, 
come up with, catch up with, overtake
come up, rise, 
come upon, discover, discovery, ferret out, find, learn, learn the whereabouts, strike, 
come, come here
comedian, humorist, joker, jokester, wit, wag, comic, clown, jester, buffoon, punster, fool, practical joker, gagman, wisecracker
comet, tail, head
comfort, 
comfort, console, reassure, solace, 
comfort, luxury, 
comfort, soothe, cuddle, 
Comfortable
comfortable, 
comfortable, comfort, comfy, in comfort, snug
comfortable, cozy, snug, smooth, luxurious
coming <and> going;  me <and> you;  men <and> women;  <both> this <and> that;  <either> good <or> bad;  <neither> good <nor> bad;  quickly <but> not carelessly
coming of age
Command
command, order, direct, impel, prescribe, 
comment, remark, observation, 
commentary
commentator, announcer, sportscaster, reporter
Commerce
commit (a crime), break the law
commit adultery, adultery, be unfaithful, cheat on, two-time, sow wild oats, infidelity, 
Common
common, popular, widespread, widely, 
common, widespread
commune, 
communicate, communication
Communication
Communication devices
communication, contact, 
community
Community
compact, pocket, miniature
companion, traveling companion, fellow travelers/passengers, escort (n), tour group
Compare
compare, comparison, contrast, than, comparable
compass
compass, needle
compass, sextant
compatibility, harmony, 
Compatible
compatible, 
compatible, congruent, congruous, consistent, consonant, suitable, proper, fitting, presentable
Compel
compel, blackmail, browbeat, bully (v), coerce, constrain, drive, force someone to do something, use force, force something on, insist, impel, impose your will on, make someone do something, oblige, press, pressure, put pressure on, push, use strong-arm tactics, use strong-arm methods, under duress, be breathing down someone's neck, 
Compete with
compete with, try to beat, gain an advantage over, oppose, engage, fight, struggle, vie, 
competition, contest, championship, tournament, conflict, rivalry, 
competitor, opposition, rival, 
Complain
complain, beef, blame, fuss, grouch, grouse, growl, murmur, mutter, object, protest, squawk, wail, yap, make a complaint, lodge a complaint, file a complaint, take it up with, take the matter up with, make a fuss, kick up a fuss, air your grievances, yammer, 
complainer, fusspot, grumbler, misery, nag (n), 
complaining, fretful, querulous, 
complaint, complaining, grumbling, protest, whining, 
complaint, grievance, gripe, grumble, objection, cause for complaint, 
complete your sentence, serve out the sentence, fulfill your sentence
Complete, finish
complete, finish, finish up, accomplish, succeed, wrap up
complete, finish, succeed 
complete, full, whole, in full, in its entirety, be all there, all of, entire, intact, undivided, united, 
complete, make up, assemble, 
complete, thorough, full, comprehensive, exhaustive, entire, 
Completely
completely, fully, totally, entirely, wholly, absolutely, utterly, positively, in every way, in every respect, in every sense, through and through, whole-heartedly, altogether, out-and-out, outright, perfect, perfectly, roundly, solid, solidly, thoroughly, unmitigated, unqualified, utter, 
completely, in every way, 
complex, complicated, one to many, 
complicate
complicated, complex, intricate, elaborate, convoluted, sophisticated, tortuous, variable, 
component, element, piece, ingredient, constituent
Compose music
compose, write, arrange
composer, writer, arranger
composition, arrangement, score
compost pile
compress, consolidate, consolidation
compromise
compulsion, 
compulsive, 
con man, swindler, snake, cheat
Concave
concave, hollow, hollowed out, caved in, dented, indented, vaulted, 
conceive, conception, become pregnant
concentrate, be concentrated, concentration, thick
concert hall, opera house, music hall, auditorium, band stand, choir loft, orchestra pit
concert, performance, rendition, recital, revue, 
Concession
concession, although, though, even though, and yet, even if, nevertheless 
conciliate, mollify, pacify, placate, soothe, 
concord, social harmony
Condemn, find guilty
condemned man, convict, guilty party
condense, condensation, dew, distill
condiment, garnish, pickle, olive, black olive, green olive, tomato sauce, catsup, mustard, mayonnaise, peanut butter, jam, jelly, preserves
Condition
condition, if, if indeed, if at all, whether...or, or else, otherwise, unless
condition, state, shape (as in 'to be in shape')
conduit, culvert, ditch, foxhole, mine, pit, pothole, rut, subway, shaft, trench, trough, tunnel, well, 
cone, cinder cone, core of a volcano, crater, lava flow
confidence, morale, positive thinking, 
Confident
confident, assured, self-assured, assertive, 
Conflict
conflict, antagonism, discord, disharmony, friction, hostility, ill feeling, rivalry, strife, tension, sit on a powder key, cold war, phony war, 
conflict, strife, 
Conform
conform, 
confuse, baffle, befuddle, bewilder, distract, flummox, fluster, mystify, nonplus, perplex, puzzle (v), stupefy, throw, 
confuse, mix someone up with, mix people up, get something mixed up with, get things mixed up, 
Confused
confused, baffled, befuddled, bemused, mystified, perplexed, puzzled, stupefied, unsure, 
confusing, puzzling, bewildering, baffling
confusion, bewilderment, mystification, perplexity, 
Conjunctions
connect, link, associate, make a connection, establish a link, establish a connection, relate, correlate, 
Connected with, related 
connecting, 
connection, relationship, link (between), point of contact, association, tie, relation, correlation, interplay, 
connective tissue, fat, cartilage, gland, lymph gland, membrane, fiber, sheath, vesicle, 
conquering, victorious, 
conqueror, vanquisher, victor, 
conscience, conviction
conserve, conservation, recycle, biodegradable
consideration, courtesy, graciousness, kindness, kindliness, thoughtfulness
constellation, galaxy, nebula
constipation, constipated
constitution
constriction, restriction, 
constrictor, poisonous
construction worker, architect, draftsman, builder, roofer, carpenter, plumber, electrician, bricklayer, mason, cabinetmaker, painter, landscaper, surveyor, 
Contact
contact, be in contact, touch, rest against, up against, together, end to end
Contain
contain, hold, carry
Container
container, jar, bottle, canister, spice rack, flour sack, bag, granary
container, vessel, bowl, pot, receptacle, bottle, box, crate, barrel, bucket, can, case, suitcase, chest, chamber pot, 
contaminated, dirty, muddy, silt-filled, murky, stagnant, scum
contemporary, avant-garde, futuristic, 
contemporary, be a contemporary of someone, be contemporaries
contempt, disdain, disregard, disrespect, hate, irreverence, 
contemptible, deplorable, despicable, displeasing, distasteful, obnoxious, odious, offensive, unpleasant, not very nice, leave a bad taste in the mouth, morbid, 
contemptible, despicable, pitiable, pitiful, despised,  
contemptuous, disdainful, disrespectful, haughty, scornful, snobbish, superior, 
Contentment
contents
contents (of the stomach), undigested food, acid, digestive juices, gas, 
continue (doing something), remain at (something), keep on (doing something), stay at (it), stick to (it), hold on, keep (going), keep at (it), stick-to-itiveness, sustain, 
continue, continuous, keep on
Continue, persevere
continue, start again, resume, get on with, get around to
continuity, continual, continuous, to last (for a long time), endure, enduring, lasting, continuing, remain, perpetual, durable, rest, retain, stand, endless, 
continuum, 
contort, deface, disfigure, distort, mar, misshape, 
contorted, cunning, hard-featured, rough, 
contraband
contraceptive, condom, the pill, 
contract, memorandum of agreement, treaty, peace accord, charter, constitution, compact, pact, will, testament, covenant, notarize
contraction, push, bear down
Contradict
contradict, speak in opposition to, disagree with, speak against, deny, dispute, argue against
contrary to reason, absurd
Control
control yourself, self-control, restrain yourself, restraint, contain yourself, keep your temper, 
control, be in control, manipulate, pull strings, call the shots, be in the driver's seat, steer, regulate, govern, dominate, monopolize, have a monopoly, have a stranglehold, have a hold over, wrap someone around your finger, hold sway, be the boss, be domineering, oppress, keep someone down, repress, walk all over
Controlling water
Convenient
convenient, handy, suit, fit in with, be good for, a good time, no trouble, no problem
convention, caucus, 
conventional, 
converge, be on a collision course
conversation, discussion
convert, conversion
Convex
convex, bulging, bulbous, billowing out
Conveying water
convict, 
convicting, 
convince 
convincing, persuasive
convoy
convulsion, chills, fit, 
cook
cook fire, bonfire, controlled fire, 
cook, bake, baste, boil, boil over, braise, brew, broil, brown (v), fry, deep fat fry, grill, marinate, pan-fry, parboil, pickle, poach, roast, saut\xc3\xa9, season, sift, simmer, steam, stew, stir fry, 
cook, butcher, baker, restaurant owner, waiter
cooked food, prepared food, dish, course
cooked, boiled, braised, broiled, fried, grilled, marinated, parboiled, pickled, poached, saut\xc3\xa9ed, stewed,
Cooking ingredients
Cooking methods
Cooking oil
cooking oil, oil, margarine, shortening
Cooking utensil
Cool it. Take it easy. Calm down.
cool off, cool down, settle down, count to ten, 
cool something, chill, refrigerate, freeze something, 
cool, 
cool, chilly, drafty, nippy, fresh, crisp, bracing, chill, 
cool, crisp, refresh, unfrozen, 
Cooperate with
cooperate with, work together, side-by-side, jointly, collaborate, partnership, alliance, join together, team up, help each other
Coordinate relations
Copy
copy (n), duplicate, photocopy, duplication, clone, replica, reproduction, 
copy (v), make a copy of, duplicate, photocopy, reduplicate, reproduce, clone, replicate, triplicate, 
coral, sea anemone, Portuguese man-of-war, jellyfish, hydra, medusa
Cordage
cordage, knot, lashing, macram\xc3\xa9, 
corner (adj), 
corner (n), 
corner, cross street, fork, intersection, juncture, pedestrian crossing, interchange, overpass, underpass, exit
Corpse
Correct
correct, edit, mark, reprove, punish, discipline
correct, formal, stiff, 
correspond to, correspondence, in accordance with, in relation to, according to, in line with, in proportion to, to apply to, to regard as applicable to, in keeping with
correspond, be consistent with, agree, tally, coincide, match up, 
corresponding, equivalent, counterpart, opposite number, 
corrode, eat away, eat through, 
corrosion, detriment, erosion, maltreatment, mischief, vandalism, 
corrosion, oxidation, 
corrosive, 
corrugate, 
Cosmetics
cosmetics, make-up, 
cost you your life, 
cost, price, value, charge, rate, wage, expense, 
cotton, sisal
cotton, wool, nylon, polyester, silk
cottonseed, pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds
cough, cough (n)
Cough, sneeze
cough, sneeze, clear throat, hack
cough, whooping cough, cold, sore throat, influenza, flu, chill, 
could care less, couldn't care less, be bored to tears, be bored stiff, be bored out of your mind, someone's eyes glaze over, 
could go either way, borderline, there's a fifty-fifty chance, it's a toss-up
council, board, committee, advisory (board), 
Count
count, count up, at the last count, keep count, keep track, keep a tally of, enumerate, enumeration, 
count, countdown, say your numbers
counter-attack, hit back, retaliate, strike back, 
counterfeit, counterfeiter, counterfeit bill, bogus
Country
country, land, nation, territory, kingdom
Countryside
couple, husband, wife, spouse, partner, mate, matron, matronly, consort, 
couple, pair, duo, twosome, duet, 
courage, bravery, assurance, audacity, boldness, confidence, firmness, fortitude, gallantry, grit, guts, heroism, manliness, nerve, pluck, spunk, valor, fighting spirit, 
courageous, brave, bold, adventurous, assured, audacious, confident, cool under fire, daring, dauntless, doughty, fearless, gallant, gutsy, heroic, intrepid, never-say-die, plucky, spunky, stout, stouthearted, undaunted, valiant, valorous
course, syllabus, curriculum, 
Court of law
court of law, law court, supreme court, superior court, court of appeals, district court, divorce court, juvenile court, appellate court, tribunal, court-martial, kangaroo court
court, courtship, woo, suit, suitor, date, flirt, 
court, line, lane, out of bounds, goal, finish line
court, line, out of bounds, key, free throw line, jump circle
courthouse
courthouse, Parliament house, government headquarters, castle, palace, 
courtroom, judge's chambers, jury room
courtyard, holy place, holy of holies, altar, laver, lamp stand
cousin
Cousin
cousin
Covenant
covenant, testament, deal, agreement, bond, commitment, to trust
Cover
cover-up, whitewash, hidden, suppressed, repressed, disguised, veiled, secret, secrecy
cover, bury, drape, hang, spread, wrap
cover, coat, blanket, coat, encrust, mask, pave, plate, robe, shroud, smother, swathe, 
cover, front, smokescreen, blind
covered, draped, hung, wrapped
covering, lid, cap
cow pasture, cattle range, cow barn, cowshed, stall
cow, goat, sheep, horse, donkey, dog, cat, chicken, duck, goose, turkey
coward, milksop, sissy, wimp, yellow-belly
Cowardice
cowardice, 
cowardly, chicken, chickenhearted, fainthearted, gutless, lily-livered, pusillanimous, sissified, spineless, weak-kneed, wimpy, yellow, yellow bellied, 
cower, 
cowlick, crown
Crack
crack, break, smash
crack, pop, snap, crunch, 
crack, split, fissure, crevasse
crackle, pop, hiss, roar of the flames
crackle, sizzle, roar
craft
Crafts
crag, rocky outcropping, boulder, rock, stone, pebble, gravel, sand, grit, powder
cram, crowd, drape, dust, hang, heap, jam, load, mound, pack, pile, scatter, settle, sew, shower, spread, stack, stick, stock, strew, string, stuff, wrap
cramp, be bent over (with pain), doubled up (with pain), spasm, 
cranberry sauce, applesauce, fruit salad
crash, roar, thunder, thunderous roar, slap
Crawl
crawl, inch along, creep
crawl, move at a snail's pace, creep along, inch forward, poke along, slowpoke, drag, mosey along, slow motion, plod, dawdle
crawl, walk on your hand and knees, on all fours, scoot, drag, creep
crawl, wiggle, turn over, sit up, toddle, 
craziness
craziness, insanity, lunacy, madness, 
Crazy
crazy, insane, mad, screwy, 
crazy, mad, insane, berserk, barmy, deranged, dotty, batty, flaky, 
Create
create, dream up, imagine, compose, contrive, design, devise, invent, conceive of, think up, make up
created,  
creation, creature, 
creative genius, dreamer, visionary, 
creator, inventor, 
Credit
credit, account, place to your credit, to the account of, deposit
cremate, cremation, pyre, ashes
crest, trough, curl, foam
crib, cradle, playpen, 
crime, misdemeanor, felony, capital offense, treason, illegality, lawbreaking, offense, wrong, wrongdoing, outrage, transgression, trespass, sin, evil
criminal, lawbreaker, underworld, 
crippling, serious (injury), minor (injury), bad (accident), deep (wound), bad (sprain), third degree (burn), compound (fracture), critical, critically, fatal, fatally, sore (finger)
critic, 
critical (remark/essay), belittling, deprecatory, disparaging, scathing, 
critical, captious, censorious, hypercritical, judgmental, 
criticism, critique (n), accusation, attack (n), belittlement, castigation, censure, charge, condemnation, denigration, denouncement, denunciation, deprecation, derision, disapproval, disparagement, excoriation, execration, faultfinding, gibe (n), harangue (n), judgment, malediction, put-down, recrimination, reprehension, ridicule (n), slur, 
Criticize
criticize, be critical, be a critic of, critique, accuse, attack, launch into an attack on, badmouth, belittle, blame, carp, cavil, censure, cite, charge, decry, denounce, deprecate, deride, disparage, gibe, harangue, judge, lay into, mock, rake someone over the coals, recriminate, reprehend, reproach, ridicule, scoff, speak evil of, tear down (someone), voice your disapproval, 
croak, rivet
Crocodile
crook (of the arm when it is bent), fist, 
Crop failure
crop failure, poor harvest
crop, harvest, yield
crop, produce (n), 
crowd, fill, mill around, swarm, 
crowd, flock, flood, hail, parade, pelt, pour, rain, roll, shower, stream, swarm, teem, throng, troop, 
Crowd, group
crowd, group, congregation, bunch of people, horde, mass of  people, gang, mob, multitude, host, crush of people, throng, clique, rabble, horde, army, scores, thousands, swarm, body of people, crew, knot, pack, batch, band, party, company, team
crowded, packed, crammed with, be packed out, booked up, fully booked, congested, dense, occupied, throng, thronged, thronging, 
Cruel
cruel, ruthless, heartless, sadistic, bloodthirsty
cruelty,  
crumbling, declining, decrepit, dowdy, effete, faded, past its prime, rusty, worn out, 
crumple, gather, pleat, rumple, tuck, wrinkle, 
crumpled up, pleated, wrinkled, 
crushed, bitterly disappointed, 
crushing, overwhelmingly, 
crustacean, shrimp, barnacle, pill bug, lobster, crab, crawfish, crayfish
crutch, cane, wheelchair, walker, stretcher, pallet, 
cry for help, rise to the occasion, respond, take action, deal with
cry out, scream, howl, yell, shriek, groan, moan, weep, 
cry your eyes out, tears roll down your cheeks, eyes full of tears, eyes are brimming with tears, cry your heart out, cry yourself to sleep, 
cry, babble, coo, baby talk, 
cry, call, scream, 
cry, laugh, scream, shriek, whistle, click, pop, wheeze, hiss, cluck, cough, hawk, gasp, gulp, snore, snort, sniff, sob, tsk-tsk, gurgle, gargle, yodel, moan, groan, scream, ululate, yikes, yahoo
Cry, tear
cry, weep, be in tears, tearful, have tears in your eyes, weeping, weepy, squall, 
cry, your eyes water, 
cubic (inch, foot, yard), 
cubic (inch, foot, yard), milliliter, centiliter, deciliter, liter, decaliter, kiloliter, hectoliter, cup, pint, quart, gallon, fluid ounce, dry ounce, peck, bushel, measure, batch, 
cultivate, plant, seed (a field), sow seed, 
cultivated
Culture
culture
culture, cultural norm, civilization
cup, glass, mug, goblet
cure (n), remedy, antidote, curative, 
cure, make someone better, heal, fix, healing, rehabilitate, 
curious, interested
curled, wavy, straight, bobbed, pigtailed, 
current, flow
current, present, present-day, 
Curse
curse, anathema, 
curse, put/place a curse on, be under a curse, be cursed
Custom
custom, convention, tradition, (our) way, praxis, 
Cut
Cut grass
cut grass, mow, scythe, clip
Cut hair
cut in line, cut in front of someone, cut someone off, jump the queue, push in
cut up, cut into pieces, dice, grate, shred, cube, quarter, halve, mince, grind, 
cut, 
cut, bayonet, buffet, butt, chop, claw, clout, club, gash, jab, knife, lacerate, maul, savage, slice, spear, stab, traumatize, scratch, scrape, graze, mutilate, 
cut, incision
cut, trim, haircut, barber, scissors, haircutters
cuticle, root
Cutting tool
cylinder, cylindrical, rod, pipe, tube
dab (v), spoon out, frugal, parsimonious, scrimp, be sparing, stingy, stint, 
Dad, Father, Daddy, Pop, 
Daily life
daily, every day, each day
Dallas is a thousand miles <from> Phoenix.;  Our house is two miles <from> town.;  Our house is two miles <away>.
dam, block, stop up, divert, dike, flood control
dam, dike, levee
dam, hydroelectric power plant, electric generating plant, dynamo
Damage
damage (n), scar, wear (n), wear and tear, 
damage, do damage, cause damage, break, bust, chip, corrode, corrupt, deface, dent, erode, harm, do harm, hurt, impair, injure, maltreat, mar, mess up, nick, sabotage, score, scratch, spoil, vandalize, 
damn, damn it, God damn, Hell, shit, screw, fuck, bastard, son of a bitch, bitch, 
dampen, moisten, lick
Dance
dance hall, dance floor
dance step, swing, lead, follow
dance, 
dancer, dance partner, chorus line, dance team
dandruff, dander, 
Danger
danger, threat, 
dangerous, harmful, 
dangerous, threatening, life threatening, 
dangle, hanging
Dark
dark, deep, rich, 
dark, dismal, shadowed, shaded, pitch-dark, 
darkness, the dark, gloom, 
date (v), establish the date of, determine the age of
date, go out with, see someone, ask out, ask someone for a date, 
date, January 1, 2000, 1-1-00, the first of January 2000
daunting, 
dawn, sunrise, daybreak, aurora, cockcrow, dawning, sunup, 
dawn, sunrise, sunup, daybreak, cockcrow, 
Day
day (as opposed to night), during the day, daytime, daylight, daylight hours
day laborer, temporary help, casual worker
day, whole day, day and night, a day and a night, 24 hour day, 'morning, noon and night'
daydream (v), dream about, dream of, fantasize, live in a fantasy world, 
daylight, sunlight, moonlight, starlight, firelight, candlelight, electric light, electromagnetic radiation, fluorescence, fluorescent light, incandescent light, infrared, lamplight, luminescence, luminescent, phosphorescence, phosphorescent, photoelectric, ultraviolet, 
days of the week
Days of the week
daze, confuse, disorient, befuddle, shock, stupefy
Dazed, confused
dead branches, dead wood, rot, dry rot, dead leaves, dry leaves
Dead things
dead, deceased, stone-dead, dead as a doornail, late, lifeless, 
dead, lifeless, 
dead, one-horse town, nothing ever happens, drab, featureless, dreary
Deaf
deaf man, the deaf, 
deaf, 
deafening, drown out, be deafened by, 
deafness, 
death chant, dirge, funeral march, 
death notice, send death notice, 
death toll, fatalities, loss of life, 
death, demise, mortality, 
debatable, questionable, open to question, open to debate, moot point
Debate
debate, argue, dispute, discuss, contend, negotiate, 
debt, indebtedness, 
debut, premiere, maiden (voyage), 
Decay
decay (n), corruption, decomposition, putrefaction, 
decay (n), rot (n), canker, caries, carrion, dry rot, 
decay, decompose, rot, return to dust, eaten by worms, corrupt, putrid, putrefy, 
decay, remains, compost, carrion, 
decay, rot, decompose, perish, fester, mildew, molder, putrefy, 
deceased, dead person, goner, dearly departed, casualty, fatality, the dead, 
deceit, deception, fraud, delusion, cunning, illusion, treachery
Deceive
deceive, fool, take in, defraud, cheat, fleece, bilk, swindle, hustle, dupe, hoodwink, foist upon, palm off on, outwit, outmaneuver, finagle, slip one over on, put something over on, con, lay a trap for, lure, beguile, delude, trick, entrap, ensnare, pull the wool over someone's eyes, play a trick on, play a practical joke on, send on a fool's errand, make a fool of, mislead
deceiver, magician, conjuror
deceptive, fraudulent, cunning, treacherous
decide, decide on, decide against, choose, plan, conclude that, determine your course, strategize
Decide, plan
deciding who goes first in a game, deciding who dies (e.g. who gets the life preserver), deciding who is guilty
decision, choice, plan, course, strategy
decline (n), decrease, fall, reduction, tumble
decline, decrease, diminish, drop, dwindle, fall, plummet, slide, tumble, 
decorate, adorn, bedeck, deck, embellish, festoon, ornament, gild, 
Decorated
decorated, adorned, bedecked, bejewelled, decked, embellished, festooned, hung, ornamented, studded, 
decoration, adornment, embellishment, ornament, 
decoration, picture, frame, calendar, poster, knickknack, flower vase, doily
Decrease
decrease (n), reduction, drop, fall, decline, downturn, loss, cut, slump, collapse, 
decrease in value, debase, degrade, deflate, deflation, depreciate
decrease, fall, go down, come down, slide, diminish, contract, shrink, lessen, reduce, reduction, depreciate, lose, narrow, slow down, abate, peter out, tail off, waste away, 
decrease, lower, reduce, 
decreased, lowered, lower, 
decreasing, declining, falling, lowering, shrinking, less and less, fewer and fewer, 
decreasingly, lose ground, become less and less, get less and less, 
Dedicate to religious use
dedicate, consecrate, anoint, sanctify, devote, hallow, baptize, circumcise
deed, thing to do, something to do, what you do, act (n), action, activity, event, behavior, accomplishment, achievement, attainment, execution, exercise, function (n), job, implementation, measure, performance, practice (n), task, undertaking, work (n), workmanship, feat, exploits, operation
deep, deeply, deep-seated, in the depths, deep down, 
Deep, shallow
deep, shallow, narrow, wide
deepen, dredge, dig out, 
deepen, get deeper, 
deeper, deepest, 
deeply hurt, deeply distressed, distraught, be in a state, be in an uproar, emotions in an uproar, torment, tormented, 
Defeat
defeat (n), rout, beating, conquest, discomfiture, drubbing, subjection, triumph, victory, 
defeat, annihilate, beat, conquer, crush, humble, kayo, lick, master, nip, outmaneuver, overcome, overpower, overwhelm, prevail over, rebuff, reduce, rout, seize, subdue, subject, subjugate, thrash, trample, tread, triumph, vanquish, whip, bring someone to his knees, scatter, gain ground, give someone a beating, 
defeat, loss, fall, 
Defecate, feces
defecate, go to the bathroom, have a bowel movement, void, excrete, poop, take a crap, evacuate your bowels, purge your bowels, void, 
Defend
Defend against accusation
defend, come to someone's defense, in defense of, in someone's defense, guard, protect, safeguard, shield, stand up for, stick up for, 
defend, fight back, hit back at, put up a fight, struggle against, resist, self-defense, 
defender, guard, sentinel, lookout, watchman
defense attorney, counsel for the defense
defense, resistance, 
defenseless
defensive, offensive, protective, deadly, weapon of mass destruction, conventional
defensive, protective, 
deficient, inappreciably, inconsequentially, insignificantly, lacking, lightly, limited, little, low, merely, moderately, negligibly, piddling, possible, puny, reasonably, relatively, slightly, somewhat, sparingly, temperately, trivial, trivially, 
deformed, abnormal, misshapen, 
degenerate, deteriorate
Degree
degree, extent, level, thus
Delay
delay (n), hold-up, 
delay, hold something up, set back, put back, get bogged down
delay, make someone late, hold someone up, keep, detain, 
deliberate, intentional, conscious, calculated, premeditated
Deliberately
deliberately, on purpose, intentionally, pointedly, make a point of, knowingly, consciously, willfully, mean to do something
delicacy, best piece
delicious, tasty, good, nice, palatable, flavorful, yummy, juicy, succulent, delectable, luscious, rich, scrumptious, fresh, ambrosial, toothsome, 
delight, joy, happy ending
deliver, delivery, help to give birth, midwifery, obstetrics, 
deliverance, liberation, redemption, 
deliverer, liberator, 
demography
Demon possession
demon, devil, Satan, the Devil, Beelzebub
Demonstrate
demonstrate, show, show how, substantiate, prove, give proof, verify, authenticate, confirm, corroborate, give evidence, establish, make good
demonstration, 
Demonstrative pronouns
demoralize, shake someone's confidence, lose confidence
den, hole, burrow, molehill
Dense
dense, thick, compact, consolidated, thickset
dental, 
dentist, dentistry, oral surgeon, 
dentist, oral surgeon, dentistry, 
deny, denial, negate, negation, disavow, disavowal, contradict, contradiction, repudiate, repudiation
deny, disavow, disclaim
department, committee
depend on, dependent, rely on
Dependency relations
deploy, maneuver, outmaneuver, flank, outflank, advance, charge, overrun, retreat, withdraw
depressed, despondent, down, be down in the dumps, feel blue, low, mope, 
depression, recession, inflation, crash, slump, bear market
depth, 
derangement, idiocy, imbecility, insanity, lunacy, madness, senility, stupidity, 
derelict, 
derisive, mock (adj), sarcastic, cutting, satirical, burlesque
Derivation 
Derivational affixes
derive, derived from, derivation, rooted in the past, 
descendant, offshoot, offspring, posterity, progeny, line, 
Describe
describe, give a description of, portray, depict, paint a picture, characterize, define, redefine, represent, treat
describe, talk about, write about, give an account of, tell of
description, descriptive, portrayal, profile, account, report, commentary, characterization, definition, redefinition, depiction, representation, 
desecrate
desert, disown, divorce, dump, forsake, leave alone, maroon, 
desert, wasteland, oasis
deserted, desolate, lonely, uninhabited, sparsely populated
Deserve
deserve, had it coming, get what you deserve, serve someone right, get your just deserts, get what was coming to you, your punishment fits the crime, 
deserve, merit, be owed, be yours by right, have earned, 
Design
design, 
design, cut out, assemble, stitch, tie, hem
design, draft, draw up the plans, survey, excavate (the foundation), 
design, invention, conception, dream
design, plan, 
designer, architect, planners 
desirable, 
desire, lust, avarice, burn, covet, crave, grasping, greed, inflamed
Despise someone
despise, disdain, disregard, rebuff, reject, repudiate, scoff, scorn, shun, slight, sneer at, snub, spurn, be contemptuous of, hold in contempt, feel contempt for, feel superior, think someone is worthless, think poorly of, feel superior to, look down on, spit on, be cliquish, turn up your nose at, 
dessert, sweet (n), cake, ice cream, pie, cobbler, cookie, cinnamon roll, candy, chocolate, chocolate bar, pudding, lollipop, syrup, treacle, 
destination, goal
Destiny
destiny, fate
destiny, fate, fortune, luck, chance, throw of the dice
destitute, abject poverty, owns nothing but the clothes on his back
destitute, can't make ends meet, starve, 
Destroy
destroy, blow up, hose (v), ruin, total (v), wreck, blow up, burn down, 
destroyed, ruined, wrecked, be in ruins, 
destroyer, 
destruction, ruin, 
destructive, 
detachable, 
detachment, squadron, task force, fleet, flotilla, 
determination, ambition, commitment, drive, endurance, perseverance, pertinacity, resolve, spirit, fighting spirit, steadfastness, stick-to-itiveness, tenacity, will, willpower, 
Determined
determined, adamant, committed, driven, hard headed, inexorable, inflexible, obdurate, persevering, pertinacious, single-minded, steadfast, strong-willed, stubborn, tenacious,  uncompromising, 
determined, aspire, be intent on, be set on, set your mind on, be resolved, mean business, purposefully, tenacious, put yourself into, 
devour, gorge, tear (prey)
Devout
devout, devoted, devotion, committed, pious, religious, zealous, saintly, holy
dew, dewdrop, (ground is) damp with dew, moisture
diagnose, 
diagnose, prognosis, draw/take a sample, examine a patient, take an x-ray, do a test, test for, lab report, take someone's temperature, take someone's blood pressure, take someone's pulse, check-up, take a sample, specimen, 
dialect, foreign language, accent, pidgin, slang, colloquial, 
diaper, nappies
diarrhea, loose bowel
diatom, sea lettuce, kelp, rockweed, Sargasso, sargassum
Die
die down
die down, go out, burn itself out
die down, smolder
die for, give your life, lay down your life, martyr, 
die in childbirth
die young, be cut off in your prime, untimely death, 
die, expire, 
differ, different, else, vary, dissimilar, unlike, 
difference, distinction, distinctions, 
difference, variation, dissimilarity, 
Different
different, unequal, 
differentiate, differentiation, discriminate, distinguish, rank, rate, rating, separate, hold in esteem,  hold up, 
difficult birth, hard labor
difficult, hard, challenging, tough, not easy, arduous, demanding
Difficult, impossible
difficulty
Dig
dig (a well), drill (a well), sink (a bore hole)
dig a foundation, lay a foundation, build a foundation, pour a (concrete) foundation
dig, mine, excavate, tunnel, burrow, unearth, undermine, cave in, bulldoze, shovel out, scoop, scratch out, scrape, drill, dredge, sink (a hole)
dig, plow, grade, level, 
digest (food), digestion, burp, hunger, be empty, be full, distend, fill with gas
Digging tool
dilate
dilute
dilute, be diluted, add water, water down, thin
din, clamor, hubbub, commotion, cacophony, tumult, uproar, 
dine, breakfast (v), lunch (v), snack (v)
dining room, restaurant, banquet hall, serving line, buffet, soup line
dinner
dinner, banquet, feast
dinosaur, fossil, extinct
dip, dunk
dip, immerse, dunk, baptize, plunge, submerge, 
Diplomacy
diplomacy, diplomatic corps, ambassador, (king's) representative, Secretary of State, treaty, international relations, 
Direction
direction, heading, point of the compass, degree, bearing, cardinal points
direction, heading, way, course
direction, orientation, course, way, bearing
director, concertmaster, bandleader
director, producer, camera crew
disability, handicap (n), disfigurement, mutilation, paralysis, palsy, 
disable, handicap (v), cripple, paralyze, maim, mutilate, disfigure, 
Disabled
disabled, handicapped, crippled, paralyzed, partially paralyzed, totally paralyzed, maimed, disfigured, mutilated, lame, 
disadvantage, handicap, drawback, liability, limitations, 
Disagree
disagree, disagreement, think differently, dissent, dissenting, contest (v), 
disappear, vanish, disappear without a trace, vanish into thin air, go missing, go out of sight, fade away, blend into, disappear from sight, dissolve into nothing, be just gone, fade from view, retire from sight, lose sight of
disappearance, 
disappoint, dash someone's hopes, demoralize, devastate, discourage, dishearten, disillusion, dissatisfy, jilt, let someone down, frustrate, 
Disappointed
disappointed, crushed, disconcerted, discouraged, deflated, disillusioned, disenchanted, dispirited, frustrated, 
disappointing, be a disappointment, be an anticlimax, be a letdown, not live up to expectations, not all it's cracked up to be, discouraging, disheartening, frustrating, not up to par, 
disappointment, anticlimax, bitter pill to swallow, blow, letdown, discouragement, frustration, 
disappointment, frustration, letdown, bitter pill to swallow, forlorn hope, unfulfilled hopes, 
disapproval, disapprobation, disfavor, rejection, 
disapproving, derogatory, pejorative, 
disaster
Disaster
disaster, catastrophe, tragedy, calamity, crisis, emergency
disastrous, catastrophic, tragic
Disbelief
disbelieve, unbelief, lack of faith, doubt, skepticism, agnosticism, atheism, paganism
disciple, adherent, devotee, follower, imitator, learner, proselyte
discipline, correct
Discipline, train
discipline, train, drill, prepare, train, control, strict, severe
Disclose
disclose, unmask, expose, reveal, unveil, bring to light
discomfort, feel uncomfortable, mild, hurts a little bit, itch, prickle, smart, sting, stinging, tingle, tingling, stitch, twinge, dull, 
Discontent
discontent, discontented, dissatisfied, dissatisfaction, discontent, 
discordant, bad, disharmony, racket, raucous, shrill, strident, grating, 
discount, disregard, devalue, dismiss
discouraged, discouragement, depressed, depression, feel down, grouch, unhappy, unhappiness, 
Discourse markers
discover, discovery, find out about
discover, uncover, detect, find out
Discriminate, be unfair
discriminate, be unfair, biased, prejudiced
Disease
disembark
disembodied, extramundane, extrasensory, immaterial, impalpable, incorporeal, instinctive, intangible, intellectual, libidinal, life, mental, metaphysical, nonphysical, nonmaterial, numinous, otherworldly, preternatural, psychic, psychological, rational, reasoning, spiritual, spiritualist, subjective, supernatural, transcendent, transcendental, unbodied, unearthly, unseen, unworldly, 
disgrace, dishonor, indignity, scandal, 
disgust, abhorrence, detestation, loathing, nausea, revulsion, 
disgust, gross out, nauseate, revolt, sicken, turn your stomach, 
Disgusted
disgusted, grossed out, nauseated, revolted, sickened, 
disgusting, abhorrent, abominable, awful, detestable, foul, gross, loathsome, nasty, nauseating, repugnant, repulsive, revolting, sick,  sickening, 
disgusting, revolting, horrible, bad, off, awful, distasteful, terrible, unpalatable, unsavory, yucky, 
Dishonest
Dishonest financial practices
dishonest, lying, devious, sly, untrustworthy, sneaky, unscrupulous, have no scruples, corrupt, crooked
dishonest, unscrupulous, fraud, corruption, graft, malfeasance, vice
dishpan, pan, dish rack, dishtowel, dishcloth, sponge, dishwater, dishwasher, kitchen sink
disinterest, lack of interest, boredom, apathy, 
Dislike
dislike (n), disliking, antipathy, aversion, displeasure, distaste, prejudice, 
disliked, bastard, disagreeable, horrible, mean, nasty, nasty piece of work, not very nice, objectionable, obnoxious, odious, off-putting, unpleasant, 
dismal, depressing, dreary, bleak, cheerless, 
disobedient, law breaking, unsubmissive, rebellious
Disobey
disobey, break the law, refuse to submit, rebel
disorganization, ambient state, chaos, disorder, 
disorganize, disarrange, shuffle, mess up, randomize, 
Disorganized
disorganized, arbitrary, chaotic, confused, in disarray, haphazard, helter-skelter, jumbled, messed up, messy,  nonsystematic, random, unarranged, unsorted, unmethodical, unordered, unorganized, unsystematic, 
disperse, break up, scatter
disperse, thin out, melt away, break up, spread out, diverge, permeate, 
displace, dislocate, dislodge
display room, display area, storeroom, office, back room, delivery area
display, exhibit, 
displease, offend, repel, trouble, upset, put someone off, turn someone against, 
displeased, offended, prejudiced, 
disposable, 
disrepair, derelict, 
Dissociation
dissolve (in water), produce a solution
dissuade
Distance
distance, how far
distance, how far, span, as the crow flies, 
distant, remote, faraway, out of the way, long-distance, far-flung
distillery, brewery, still, filter
distinguish, identify, know, place, realize, recognize, recognition, pick out, tell, not mistake
distract someone's attention, divert attention, distracted, distraction, diversion, 
distract, 
distraction, puzzle (n), mystery, 
distress (v), give someone a hard time, hurt, inflict, put someone through, subject to, torment (v), torture (v), 
Distribute
distribute, distribution, apportion
Distribution
district, park
distrust, mistrust, suspicion, 
distrustful, mistrustful, 
disunited, divided, divided in spirit, going in different directions, discordant, out of tune, on bad terms, dissenting, factious, at odds, at cross purposes, up in arms, embroiled, torn
Disunity
disunity, division, discord, dissidence, dissonance, friction, incompatibility, variance, dissension, dissent
ditch, drainage ditch, sewer
Dive
dive, plunge, belly flop, jump in
divide (up), divide into pieces, division, split (up), halve, quarter (v), apportion, take apart
Divide into pieces
Divide numbers
divide, division, 
divide, sow dissention, set at odds, pit against, part company with, have a falling out, differ, clash, disagree
divided by, into, go into, 
divination, palmistry, fortune telling, astrology
divine, 
divine, angelic, demonic, Satanic, devilish, diabolical, ghost like, ghoulish, monstrous, alien, 
divine, read the signs, foretell the future
diviner, fortuneteller, astrologer
division of labor, specialization, specialist
divisive, disruptive
Divorce
divorce (n), divorcement, 
divorced, estranged, 
divorcee, ex-husband, ex-wife, my ex, 
dizzy, dizziness, feel faint, 
dizzy, giddy, vertigo, dizziness, someone's head is swimming, 
Do
do a job, make a living, perform a task
do enough, sufficiently, adequacy, adequately, satisfactorily, sufficiency, 
Do evil to
do evil to, harm, hurt, offend, offense, hurt someone's feelings, damage, impair, hit hard, work against, be a serious blow to, be detrimental to, at the expense of, to the detriment of
Do good to
do good to, be good to, be kind to, benefit (v), treat well, be merciful to, bless, care for, 
do good, be good, behave, behave yourself, be on your best behavior, 
Do intensely
do not mix, incompatible, do not go well together, 
Do something <lest> something happen.
Do something <with the purpose of> something happening.;  Do something <for the sake of> something happening.;  Do something <for the purpose of> causing something to happen.;  Do something <in order to> cause something to happen.;  Do something <to> cause something to happen.;  Do something <in order that> something might happen.;  Do something <so that> something might happen.;  Do something <to show that> something would happen.;  Do something <for> some reason.;  This medicine is good <for> malaria.
do something again, repeat, redo, over, all over again, 
do something first, be first, beat someone to it, ahead of, be ahead of your time, 
do something for kicks, do something for the thrill of it
do your best, try your best, put your mind to it, make an effort, be at pains to do something, strive, to the best of your ability, do the best you can, as best you can, give something your best, 
do, act, actuate, behave, accomplish, achieve, attain, conduct, effectuate, engage in, execute, exercise, exert, function, give, go about, dabble in, implement, manage, perform, practice, progress, undertake, up to, use, utilize, work, operate, be involved in
Doctor, nurse
doctor, nurse, medicine man, midwife, medical technician, pharmacist, herbalist, witchdoctor
doctor, physician, general practitioner, the medical profession, family doctor, family practitioner, healer, 
doctrine, tenet, dogma, belief, 
Does this pot have a <use>?
Dog
dog, hound, canine, stray, cur, mangy
dog, wolf, coyote, fox, jackal, wild-dog, dingo
doghouse, kennel
domesticate, tame, break (horse)
Domesticated animal
domesticated animal, livestock, pet
domesticated, tamed, broken in
don't blame, can't blame, 
don't care, not give a damn, couldn't care less, be past caring, shrug off, 
don't cry, there there, 
don't know what to tell you
don't like, dislike (v), take a disliking to, take an instant dislike to, have a healthy dislike for, not be fond of, not keen on, not be crazy about, not think much of, not be someone's cup of tea, not be to your taste, not be to your liking, not be your thing, not be your type, have no time for, not take kindly to, don't care for, look down on, turn up your nose at, be unhappy with, hold in disfavor, feel unfavorable toward, be displeased with, 
Don't mention it. That's all right. That's OK. You're welcome. My pleasure. Not at all. Think nothing of it. It was nothing. No problem.
don't mind, not be fussy, it doesn't bother me,
don't need, can do without, can manage without, have no need of, have no use for, can dispense with, 
Don't think so, doubt it
don't think, doubt, be doubtful, be dubious, I'd be surprised if, I think not, I wouldn't have thought so 
Don't worry. There's nothing to worry about. Rest assured. Never mind.
Door
door, doorway, entrance, entry way
doorkeeper, doorman, butler, gatekeeper, watchman, guard
doorknob, door handle, lock, key, bolt, hinge, doornail, threshold, doorsill, doorstep, doormat, doorframe, lintel, doorpost, doorbell
dose, dosage, 
dose, dosage, course of medicine, overdose, 
double (adj), couplet, duplex, 
double (vi), triple, quadruple, 
double (vt), triple, treble, quadruple, 
Doubt
doubt, doubt the truth of, have doubts, debate in your mind, be skeptical, mistrust, suspect, harbor suspicions, take with a grain of salt
doubt, suspicion, skepticism
doubt, waver, undecided
doubter, skeptic, agnostic
douse (a fire), quench (a fire)
Down
Down with (someone/something)! No more (something)!
down, 
down, downwards, downhill
downer, 
drag
drain, bleed, discharge, draw off, empty, leak, ooze, strain, 
Drama
drama, play, skit, comedy, tragedy, musical, melodrama, parody, suspense, film, movie, cinema, show, 
draw
draw attention to, call attention to, bring something to someone's attention, point out, focus attention on, highlight, 
draw water, draft
Draw, paint
draw, paint, sketch, doodle, scribble, trace, 
Dream
dress immodestly, immodest, impropriety, indecent
dress in black, funeral clothes, black veil
dress, skirt, blouse, underwear, slip, petticoat, bra, shoe, sock, nylons, stockings, hat, glove, sweater, coat, nightgown, maternity dress, belt, scarf, shawl, veil,
drill for oil, extract, strike oil, gusher
Drink
drink (n)
drink, drunk, take a drink
drink, imbibe
drinking glass, window, mirror, glasses, lens
drinking water, potable
Drip
drip, drip on, fall to the ground, splash on, hit, splatter, sprinkle
dripping (of water), steady drip, drip-drip (of water)
Drive along
drive someone crazy, drive someone nuts, drive someone mad, drive someone round the bend, 
drive, cycle, pedal, ride
drive, force, goad, prod, propel, ride, spur
drool, dribble, spit up, burp, 
drool, slobber, drivel, dribble, 
drop (a line of thought), distract, distraction, take your mind off
drop (of water/blood), droplet, a drip
Drop charges
drop charges, decide not to press charges
drop dead, keel over, slow death, sudden death, painful death, excruciating death, gruesome death, horrible death, die quietly, die peacefully, die with boots on, die fighting, fade away, succumb (to illness), drown, drowning, asphyxiate, suffocate, choke to death, sacrifice, succumb (to a disease), suffocate, suffocation, starvation, starve, starve to death, burn to death, freeze to death, 
drop fruit
drop of oil, oil slick, blob, glob, soap (v)
drop, 
drop, die down, calm, still
drop, let fall, slip through your fingers, slip out of your hand
drop, plummet, plunge, nosedive, slump, collapse, go through the floor, 
drought
Drought
drought, blight, disease, locusts, insect plague, storm, exhausted soil, bad seed
drought, extended drought, lack of rain, have no rain, go without rain, la Ni\xc3\xb1a
drown
drowsiness, drowsy, sleepiness, sleepy, somnolence, somnolent, soporific, 
drug paraphernalia
Drunk
drunkard, drunk, wino, alcoholic
Dry
dry (adj), dry as a bone, bone-dry, arid, waterless, parched, dehydrated, desiccated, dried, evaporated, sere, withered
dry (v), dry out, dry up, shrivel, wither, evaporate, dehydrate, desiccate
dry something off, remove water, drain, strain, wring out, squeeze out
dry something, sear, parch
dry, 
dry, dusty, thirsty, 
dry, parched, cracked, dusty
dry, salt, preservative
dual, twofold, 
duckbill platypus, spiny anteater
duet, trio, quartet, quintet
dull, faded, washed out, drab, dingy, flushed, clouded, grayish, somber, 
dull, matt, 
dump, pigsty
dump, run down place, shack, hut, log cabin
dumpy, tubby, stout, stocky, squat, stubby, 
duplex, tandem, tripartite, 
During
during, in, in the course of, during the course of, through, throughout, over, by day, by night, during the middle of, in the interim, within
dust
dust cloth, rag, eraser, rubber
dust, dust cloud, dust storm
dutiful, responsible 
duty, responsibility, obligation, onus, requirement, 
dwarf, midget, 
dwelling, house, home, abode, habitation, residence, homestead, settlement, compound, place
dwindle, decline, be on the decline, taper off, drop off, die down, ease off, 
Dye hair
dye, rinse
dying, be close to death, about to die, on death's doorstep, be at death's door, have one foot in the grave, 
Each other
each other, one another
each other, one another, each...the other, exchange, trade, reciprocate, 
Each verb has a set of semantic case relations. For instance in the sentence 'I gave flowers to my wife' the verb give has three case relations. 'I' is the Agent,
Ear
ear, 
ear, husk, stalk, silk
earlier, foregoing, 
earlobe, lobe, inner ear, eardrum, tympanum, Eustachian tube, auditory nerve, canal, cochlea, 
Early
early (adj), 
early (adv), ahead of time, ahead of schedule, in good time, 
early night, late night, stay up, 
early, first thing, at the crack of dawn, bright and early, 
Earn
earn a living, make a living, support yourself, earn your keep, 
earn, be paid, get paid, make, get, be on, gross, 
earring, necklace, brooch, hairclip, comb, belt, hat, glasses, sunglasses, handkerchief, 
earthly, terrestrial
Earthquake
earthquake fault, fault line, epicenter, fissure
earthquake, quake, tremor, temblor, shock, seismic, upheaval
easy win, walkover, landslide, 
easy, a cinch, no problem, piece of cake
Easy, possible
Eat
eat a little, nibble, snack, go on a diet, to diet, diet (n)
eat a lot, eat too much, be a glutton, gluttony, eat like a pig, pig out
eat before others, eat early
eat more than your share, be greedy
eat, consume, ingest, partake
eaten by insects, infested with termites, moth-eaten
Eating utensil
eating utensil, knife, butter knife, steak knife, fork, dessert fork, spoon, teaspoon, soup spoon, spatula, serving spoon, chopsticks, 
echinoderm, sea cucumber, sea urchin, sand dollar, sea star, starfish, brittle star
echo, 
ecology
Economics
economics
economist
economize, scrimp and save, budget, tighten your belt, live on a shoestring
economize, tighten your belt, budget, scrimp and save, on a shoestring, skimp by on, scrape by
economy
ecosystem, vegetation
Edge
edge (adj), peripheral, marginal, border (adj), bordering, 
edge (n), border, outskirts, perimeter, margin, periphery, curb
edible insects, white ant, termite, grub, locust
edible plants
edible, inedible
edible, non-edible, clean, unclean, kosher
edit, draft, proofread, proofreader
eel, electric eel, slime eel, hagfish, lamprey
Effective
effective, work, successful
Efficient
efficient, productive
egg
Egg
Egg dishes
egg, sperm, gamete, ovum, gene, 
elastic
elder brother, elder sister, younger brother, younger sister
elder care, retirement center, old folks home, nursing home, 
Election
election, elect, to vote, vote, candidate, campaign
electrical work
electrician
electricity, electric, electronic, positive, negative, terminal, socket, plug, wire, power, pole, transformer, hydroelectric
element
elope, 
elope, elopement, 
emaciated, skeletal, be skin and bones, underweight, gaunt, 
embalm, mummify, mummy, 
embalmer, undertaker, mortician, gravedigger, funeral director, 
embark
embarrass (someone), cause embarrassment, be an embarrassment, mortify, 
Embarrassed
embarrassed, self-conscious, uncomfortable, awkward, sheepish, 
embarrassing, 
embarrassment, 
embers, coals, live coals
embezzle, misappropriate, have your fingers in the till, embezzlement, corruption, abscond with the money, skim profits, 
emigrate, immigrate
emote, express, show, act out, display, 
Emotion
emotional, sensitive, sentimental, passionate, intense, intensity, 
emphasis, stress, importance
Emphasize
emphasize, stress
employee, hired hand, worker, labor, 
employer, boss, management
emptied, depleted, 
empties, blank (n), space, vacuum, the void, vacancy, 
emptiness, 
Empty
empty (v), drain, 
empty (v), drain, turn out, clear (v), dump out, clean out, 
empty, bare, deserted, desolate, ghost town, wasteland, uninhabited, lonely, vacant, free, unoccupied,  
empty, blank, devoid, hollow, clear, cleaned out, barren, drained, dry, 
enamel, root, crown, ivory, 
enclosed, open, multi-story, high-rise, 
enclosure, 
Encounter
encounter, meet, run into, run across, cross paths, happen to see, 
encourage, boost someone's morale, raise someone's confidence, 
encouragement, boost, congratulations, 
encouragement, boost, morale raiser, 
encouraging
encouraging, 
End
end (adj), pointy, 
end (n), point, tip, nose, head, 
end (something), stop (something), stanch (flow of blood), obstruct (justice), arrest (progress), halt (traffic), impede (progress), inhibit (flow), delay (someone/event), hold up (traffic), detain (someone), discontinue (product), suspend (action), terminate (someone's life), conclude (story), cease (hostilities), desist from (doing something), bring closure to (something), curtail, 
End a relationship
end, ending, finish, 
end, finish, conclusion, consummation, culmination, denouement, expiration, finale, homestretch, last, outcome, termination, terminus, terminal, conclusion, time is up, that is all, 
End, point
Endure
endure, stand, bear, put up with
Enemy
enemy (troops/action/tanks), hostile (forces/territory)
enemy, the enemy, foe, adversary, hostile, opponent
Energetic
energetic, full of energy, have lots of energy, active, vigorous, 
energetic, vigorous, be full of energy, bursting with energy, dynamic, hyperactive, tireless, boisterous, 
energetic, vigorous, tireless, lively, animated, 
energy, vigor, get-up-and-go, vitality, vim and vigor, oomph, 
enforce the law, investigate crime, patrol, set up roadblocks, file reports
engaged, engagement, betrothed, betrothal, espoused, promised, 
engagement ring, bride price, dowry
engineer, conductor, station master
English, Gaelic, Irish, Welsh, Dutch, German, French, Spanish, Pidgin English 
Enjoy doing something
enjoy yourself, have a good time, have fun, have the time of your life, have a whale of a time, have a blast, be in your element, live it up, let your hair down, 
enjoy, take pleasure in, be fond of doing
enjoyable, fun, good fun, great fun, pleasurable, pleasure, be a delight, the joys of, the delights of, be a blast, be a good laugh, satisfying, amusing, entertaining, treat, 
enjoyment, pleasure, ecstasy, exhilaration, satisfaction, 
enlarge, reflect, focus
enlarged, swollen, inflated, 
enlargement, expansion, extension, growth, inflation, increase (n), magnification, 
Enough
enough, sufficient, adequate, satisfactory, enough to go round, 
enough, sufficiently
enraged, furious, furiously, incensed, infuriated, irate, livid, full of resentment, seething, be on the warpath, wrathful, have a tantrum, have a temper tantrum, boiling mad, 
Enter by force
enter by force, break in, force your way in, forcible entry, 
Entertainment, recreation
enthusiasm, eagerness, zeal, 
Enthusiastic
enthusiastic, enthused, animated, ardent, avid, eager, fervent, hot, motivated, zealous, have purpose, keen, mad about, 
Entrust to the care of
entrust to the care of, assign, commend, commit, trust with
environmentalist, conservationist, ecologist, Green Party
Epicurean, Stoic, school (of thought)
epidemic (of disease), forest/grass fire, storm, famine, plague (of insects), earthquake, war
epidemic, plague, outbreak, pestilence, 
epilepsy, epileptic, epileptic seizure, have a seizure, fit, 
episode, installment, chapter, scene, part, extract, excerpt, clip, 
Epistemic moods
equally, of equal, equal in, just as, as...as, every bit as, even, evenly, 
equate, 
equipment, apparatus, gear, kit, things, stuff, tools, 
Equivalence
Era
era, age, epoch, the times, generation, this age, the age to come
era, epoch, civilization, period, age
erase, delete, cross out, rub out
eraser, remover, paint remover, 
erode, eat into, deplete, whittle away, 
erode, erosion, 
erosion, erode, eroded, wash away, silt, silt up, deposit, settle
erotic, pornographic, pornography, porn, adult, blue, dirty, steamy, raunchy, X-rated, 
erupt, eruption, spew (gas, lava, ash), explode, blow, produce a cloud, cause earthquakes, bury things (under lava, ash), smoke
Escape
escape
escape (n), breakout, jailbreak, getaway, prison break, evasion, evacuation, 
escape, break out of jail, jailbreak, escapee, escaped prisoner, be on the run
escape, get out, flee, make your escape, get away, get clear, abandon ship, bail out, evacuate, fly the coop, get free, get loose, run away, scarper, break away, break free, break loose, sneak out, 
escaped, be on the loose, be at large, be on the run, elusive, free, 
especially, particularly, particular, most of all 
espionage, counter espionage, covert operations, intelligence gathering
estimate (n), approximation, ballpark figure, round figure, 
estimate, assess, reckon, 
estimation, opinion, regard, 
et cetera, etc., and what not, and so forth, and the like, and on and on, ... [ellipsis] 
eternal, infinite, everlasting, constant, perpetual, unending, endless, never-ending, unceasing, ceaseless, incessant, undying, immortal, imperishable, deathless, boundless, indefinite, unlimited, immeasurable, never failing, unfailing, timeless
eternity, infinity, all times
etymology, derivation, etymon, 
eulogy, dirge, fire a salute, lower the flag, half mast, play taps, toll the bell
eureka, strike it rich
evaluate, evaluation, value (v), 
Evaluate, test
evaluation, examination, experiment (n), investigation, inquiry, quest, study, search
Evaluator
evasive (maneuvers), getaway (car), 
even, crooked, decayed, white, yellow, 
even, odd, positive, negative, infinite, cardinal, ordinal, whole, fraction, decimal, 
evening, early evening, late in the evening, tonight, eventide, vesper, late night, 
Event propositions
event, experience, affair, occurrence, phenomenon, occasion,  
event, show, special day, gathering, meal, observance
Eventually
eventually, in the end, finally, end up, at last, in time
every (day), 
Every time
every time, whenever
every way, all-out, 
everyone, everybody, anybody, whoever, whomever, whomsoever, whosoever, 
everywhere, 
evidence, facts, proof
evidence, grounds, basis
Evidentials
Exact
exact, accurate, faithful, strict, literal, word for word, just
exact, precise, 
exactly, precisely, 
exactly, precisely, on the dot, sharp, 
exactly, strictly, religiously, to the letter,  
Exaggerate
exaggerate, stretch the truth, inflate your story, distort, overemphasize, overstate, overemphasize, overrate, overdo, make too much of, blow something out of proportion, lay it on thick, dramatize, be melodramatic, be overly dramatic
exaggerated, extravagant, melodramatic
exaggeration, overstatement
examination, analysis, inspection, check, check-up, study, scrutiny, post mortem, 
Examine
examine, inspect, 
examine, look at, have a look at, take a look at, analyze, study, inspect, go through, go over, look over, check, check over, scrutinize, look hard at, pore, peer at, focus on, pry, 
exasperated, 
exceed, cross, trespass, overstep
Except
except, except for, apart from, aside from, bar, excepting, but for, but, with the exception of, but not, 
exception,  
exchange, switch (places)
Exchange, trade
excitable
excite, get someone excited, thrill, give someone a thrill, animate, stir up, exhilarate, 
Excited
excited, eager, thrilled, animated, exuberant, 
excitement, thrill, exhilaration, hysteria, suspense, 
exciting, thrilling, sensational, sensation, exhilarating, heady, dramatic, nail biting, action-packed
exclude, segregate
excruciatingly slow, move at a snail's pace, gradual, gradually, little by little, bit-by-bit, glacial
Execute
execute, behead, hang, crucify, burn at the stake, impale, execution, 
execute, put someone to death, sentence someone to death, capital punishment, the death penalty, capital offence, capital crime, punishable by death, execution, condemned, be on death row, 
executioner, firing squad, hangman, 
executor, 
Exempt
exempt, free, not bound by, not answerable to, immune from prosecution, privileged, excused
Exercise
Exercise authority
exercise authority, use authority, authorize, strict, severe
exercise, get exercise, train, work out, keep fit
exhilarated, 
exhilarated, overexcited, mad, wild, crazy
exhort, encourage, encouragement
Exist
exist, existence, there is, there exists, there lives, be, be found, occur, be in existence, be in operation, real, 
exit, outlet, vent, mouth, opening, way out
exonerate, give someone the benefit of the doubt, 
exorcist
expand, 
expand, enlarge, 
expand, inflate, 
expand, spread, 
expanded, 
expanse, 
Expect
expect, feel satisfied, feel dissatisfied, expect with certainty, expect uncertainly, be looking at, anticipate, await, suspense
expectation, prospect, possibility
expel, kick out, suspend, 
expenses, expenditure, spending, outlay, overhead, costs, budget
Expensive
expensive, high, dear, costly
Experienced
experienced, seasoned, practiced, veteran, pro
Expert
expert, professional, master, craftsman, specialist, old hand, old-timer, the best we have, leader in his field, on the cutting edge, senior, graduate, doctor, consultant, trainer, teacher, is degreed, has a degree
expert, skilled worker, master craftsman, leader in his field, specialist
expertise, knowledge, expert knowledge, experience, ability, craftsmanship, training, understanding, proficiency
expire, draw your last breath, death rattle, 
Explain
explain, explanation, elaborate, elucidate, 
explain, throw light on, shed light on, enlighten, elucidate, by way of explanation, 
explanation, account, instructions, directions, 
Explode
explode, blow up, detonate
explore
expose (a body), funeral platform, left to rot
Expose falsehood
expression, look, face, countenance, facial expression, the look on someone's face, 
expressionless, impassive, blank, deadpan, inscrutable, poker-faced, 
expressive, animated, 
Extend
extend, expand, grow, reach
extend, hold out, put out, stick out, stretch, 
extend, stretch, enlarge, blow up, magnify, expand, inflate, augment, 
extend, stretch, go on, continue, spread
extent, incidence, level, rate, 
exterminate, become extinct, extinction, wipe out
extinct, extinction, endangered species
Extinguish a fire
extinguish, put out (a fire), fight (a fire), stub out (a cigarette), 
Extort money
extort, extortion, racket, racketeering, organized crime
Extra
extra (adj), spare, superfluous, 
extra (n), surplus, excess, leftover, overflow, 
extra, supplemental, supplementary, 
extract a tooth, pull a tooth, have a tooth out, extraction, 
extravagant, spendthrift, big spender
Extreme belief
extreme, hard-line, far-left, far-right, idealistic, out in left field
extremely, terribly, dreadfully, incredibly, unbelievably, ridiculously, absurdly, remarkably, exceptionally, extraordinarily, terrifically, enormously, hugely, exceedingly, 
extremist, hardliner, leftist, idealist, fanatic, zealot
extricate yourself, talk your way out of, 
exult, delight in, ecstasy, be on top of the world, be over the moon, rapture, 
exultant, glee, gleeful, gloat
Eye
eye disease, glaucoma, red eyes, pinkeye, cataract, conjunctivitis, sty, 
eye exam, prescription, frames, lens
eye, 
eye, look somebody up and down, 
eyebrow, brow, eyelash, lash, eyelid, lid, pupil, cornea, iris, white, eyeball, ball of the eye, corner of the eye, tear duct, retina, eye socket, 
eyesore, monstrosity, blot on the landscape, 
Fable, myth
fable, myth, tale, fairytale, tall tale, legend, fiction, folklore, lore, parable, 
fabulous wealth, filthy rich, millionaire, billionaire
face-up, 
face (v), point, orient
face to face, facing each other
face, forehead, cheek, chin, cleft (in chin), dimple (in cheek), jaw, 
face, mountainside, hillside, slope, shoulder, foothill, saddle
Facial expression
facial, thin (face), high (forehead), thick (eyebrows), long (eyelashes), beady (eyes), stubby (nose), fleshy (cheeks), narrow (mouth), double chin
fad, craze, 
fade away, wear off, go away, die away, 
fade, bleach, 
Fail
fail to reach, miss, fall short of
fail, unsuccessful, not make it
failure
faint, 
fairly, sort of, quite, 
Faithful
faithful, loyal, devoted, staunch, true, unswerving, 
faithfulness, allegiance, devotion, fidelity, loyalty, solidarity, 
Fall
fall (n), avalanche, 
fall down, collapse, be blown down, 
fall down, collapse, fall in, cave in, 
fall down, collapse, in ruins, 
fall down, fall over, have a fall, fall flat on your face, collapse, topple over, keel over, go head over heels, fall headlong, 
fall from, fall out, come off, 
fall in love, love at first sight, be swept off your feet, be interested in, fancy, 
fall into (a pit)
fall into disrepute, 
fall off, take a fall, tumble, be thrown, 
fall on your face, fall prone, prostrate oneself, get horizontal, fall flat, hit the dirt, lay flat
fall over, topple over, tip over, 
fall, 
fall, break
fall, drop, come down, parachute, 
fall, drop, fall on, 
fall, run (down the face), streak, 
fall, sink, settle, 
false labor, early labor
false name, pseudonym, pen name, stage name, alias, a.k.a. (also known as), under the name of, under an assumed name, go by the name of, 
false religion, sect
false teeth, dentures, 
false testimony, perjury
familiar, 
Family names
Family, clan
family, clan, tribe, nation
family, domestic, run in the family, 
family, nuclear family, 
famine, lean times
fan a fire, fan into flames, blow on a fire, bellows, pump bellows
fan, 
fan, air pump, bellows, ventilator, wind tunnel, propeller, air pipe, airshaft, vent, chimney, exhaust, funnel, windmill, sail, valve
fan, cooler, air-conditioning, air-conditioner, air-conditioned, refrigeration, 
fan, crowd, cheerleaders, pep club
fanatic, fanaticism, bigot, bigotry
Far
far, far away, far off, afar, far afield, far and wide, a far cry from, far apart, far removed, distant, be distant, a long distance, in the distance, some distance, a good distance, a ways, way off, a long way (off), a long ways away, a fair way, quite a ways, nowhere near, miles (away), yonder, wide of, clear off, all over, asunder, at arm's length, on the horizon, the ends of the earth, uttermost parts of the earth
Farm worker
farmer, farm worker, field hand, sharecropper, itinerant farm laborer, hired hand
farmer, palm tree climber
Farmland
farmland, farm, field, garden, cultivated land, agricultural land, plantation, plowed field, tilled field, field ready for harvest, harvested field, fallow field, ground prepared for planting
farther, further, beyond, past, on the other side of, farthest, furthest, extreme, in the offing, background
fascinating, intriguing, irresistible, absorbing, riveting, gripping, compelling, couldn't put it down, 
fascination, obsession, mania, fixation, fetish, preoccupation, 
fashion, 
fashion, trend, vogue, the latest thing, 
Fashionable
fashionable, be in fashion, be the fashion, in, be the in thing, chic, cult, designer, be the latest thing, be all the rage, trendy, be in vogue, 
fashionable, trendy, 
fast-flowing, white-water (rapids), raging rapids, rough water
fast, 
fast, deny (oneself)
fast, Lent, Ramadan
Fast, not eat
fast, quick, quickly, quickness, speedy, speeding, speedily, speed, hasty, hastily, haste, rapid, rapidly, rapidity, hurry, hurried, hurriedly, in a hurry, swift, swiftly, swiftness, rush, rush into, rush through, in a rush, express
fast<er>
fast<est>
Fastening tool
Fasting
Fat person
fat, grease
fat, overweight, big, large, portly, hefty, thickset, corpulent, fleshly, heavy, paunchy, ponderous, roly-poly, rotund, heavy-set, 
fatal, killer, mortal, lethal, deadly, poisonous, toxic, 
fatal, terminal, 
fate, chance, God's will, social consensus
father's wife, second wife
father, dad, old man, pa, papa, sire, 
Father, mother
fatherhood, motherhood, parenthood, 
fathom, 
fatten, 
fattened, 
fattening, 
fatter, fattest, 
Fault
fault, blame, responsible, be to blame for, be guilty of, be responsible for, guilt, responsibility, guilty, blameless, innocent, 
favorite (n), favorite (adj), first choice, preference, number one, 
favorite (n), teacher's pet, favored, 
favoritism, bias, biased
fear (n), fright, alarm, foreboding, horror, panic (n), terror, trepidation, 
fear of heights, vertigo, 
Feast
feather, feathered, plumage, plume, quill, down, wing, winged, wing tip, beak, bill, cockscomb (rooster's red crest), wattles (rooster's red flap of skin under beak), crop, gizzard, claw, talon, egg, eggshell, egg tooth, craw, gullet, spur, 
feature, scalp, back of the head, chin, temple, poll, skull, brain, 
feces, manure, crap, droppings, dung, excrement, fecal, guano, pile, stool, waste, shit, 
feeble, frail, fragile, shaky, unsteady, infirm, anemic, debilitated, unsound, 
feed (someone), force-feed
feed a fire, stoke a fire, throw another log on the fire
feel (for something), grope (in the dark)
feel (hot/cold/tired/sick), experience, come over all, 
feel (n), texture, 
feel a little worried, slightly worried, a bit anxious, not so sure
feel afraid, be afraid, fear (v), for fear of, have a horror of, 
Feel bad
feel bad, 
feel calm, be at peace, 
feel confident, sure of yourself, think positively, secure in yourself
feel convicted, recognize your sin, realize one has done wrong, regret
feel faint, feel dizzy, stagger, become incoherent
Feel good
feel good about yourself, 
feel good, feel up, 
feel happy for, rejoice with
feel ill, not feel well, feel rough, feel funny, feel sick, feel sick to your stomach, groggy, feel faint, 
feel like, feel of, feel (good/bad), have a (good/bad) feel, (tired) feeling, 
feel lonely, feel alone, feel isolated, feel abandoned, miss someone
feel sick, queasy, nausea, be going to be sick, nauseated, nauseous, 
feel sorry, be sorry, regret, feel remorse, feel convicted, conscience stricken, feel guilty, lament, rue, rue the day, ruefully, wish you hadn't done something, kick yourself, repent, be ashamed, feel ashamed, have a bad conscience, have a guilty conscience, be on your conscience, feel bad about, 
feel sympathy, empathize with, feel with, sympathetic, comfort, console, compassion, 
feel up to, 
feel, 
feel, experience, 
feel, sense, perceive, notice, detect, distinguish
feel, touch, palpate, 
feeling, emotion, sentiment, 
feeling, sensation, 
feeling, sensation, perception, 
feeling, sense of touch, sense of feeling
feelings, emotions, heart
Female organs
female, feminine, women's
feminine, ladylike, womanly, femininity, 
fence stolen goods, launder money, bury treasure
Fence, wall
ferment, distill, mellow, age, ripen
fertile, be able to have children, fertility, 
fertile, breed, multiply, propagate, have many children, have a big family, fecund, fecundity, prolific, 
Fertile, infertile
fertile, infertile, poor, rich
Fertilize a field
fertilize, add fertilizer, fertilizer, fertile, manure
Festival, show
festival, show, spectacle, 
fetid, malodorous, putrid, 
Fetus
Fever
fever, feverish, temperature, have a fever/temperature, run a temperature, be hot, be burning up, 
few, a small number of, one or two, a handful of, sparse, not many, a couple of, 
Few, little
fianc\xc3\xa9, fianc\xc3\xa9e, engaged couple, bride-to-be, husband-to-be, 
fiber, thread, yarn, string, cord, rope
fickle
field, 
fierce, vicious, savage, ferocious, 
Fight
fight (n) against, struggle against, battle against, campaign against, crusade against, 
fight (n) for, struggle for, battle, campaign for, crusade for, drive
fight (n), brawl (n), fracas, fray, free-for-all, melee, scrap, scuffle (n), 
fight a war, wage war, be at war, declare war, make war, go on the warpath, fight, clash, 
Fight against something bad
Fight for something good
fight for, work for, campaign, champion, be a champion of, 
fight, fight against, fight back, put up a fight, resist, resistance, put up a resistance, meet with resistance, stand up to, make a stand, take a stand, hold out against, hold your ground, not be moved, be unyielding, not give in, defend your ground, oppose, opposing, opposition, react, withstand
fight, fight against, put up a fight, combat, wage war on, campaign, launch a campaign, 
fight, have a fight, get into a fight, fighting, battle, brawl, bully, clash, come to blows, confront, duel, engage (the enemy), face (an enemy), feud, jostle, joust, oppose, scuffle, set-to, spar, skirmish, squabble, strive, struggle, tussle, war, wrestle, be in the fray, go on the warpath, 
fighter, hooligan, 
fighting, battle, clash (n), confrontation, 
Figurative
figurative, not literal, metaphorical, figure of speech, colorful language
file teeth
file, record, dossier, database
fill, choke, clog, deluge, drench, flood, inundate, plug, saturate, soak, 
Fill, cover
fill, fill up, 
fill, fill up, cram, pack, stuff, crowd, load, load up, fill to the brim, flood, inject, jam, pump something full, suffuse, 
fill, filling, drill, cap, root canal, 
fill, flow in, inflow, infuse, infusion, run into
filled, 
filling, heavy, stodgy, 
film, direct
filter, pipe cleaner, ashtray, spittoon
Finance
finance, financial, monetary, fiscal
Financial transaction
Find
find fault with, pick holes in, knock, run down, denigrate, put down, get at, 
find your way, navigate, 
find, discover, discovery, uncover, eureka, locate, 
Fine
fine, fibrous, fine-spun, 
fine, fine (n), financial penalty, citation, ticket, cite, confiscate
Finger, toe
finger, toe, digit, 
fingernail clippings
finish, use up, exhaust, run out of, consume, deplete, drink up, exhaust, sap, swallow, tap, use up
Fire
fire a pot, 
fire engine, fire truck, fire extinguisher
fire pan, brazier
fire someone, send packing, dismiss, show the door to, give the sack to, lay off, discharge, let go
fire, combustion, 
fire, heater, furnace, central heating, radiator, hot-water bottle, electric blanket, 
fireball, torch, firebrand, fireworks, firecracker, burn a field before planting, 
firebrand
fireman, firefighter
Fireplace
fireplace, stove, lamp, lantern, candle, trash heap, firepot, incinerator, furnace, heater, kiln, barbeque, forge, blast furnace, crematorium, brazier, range, cooker, gas ring, burner, 
fireproof, unburnable, fire-resistant, unquenchable
firewood
firewood, bundle of firewood, piece of firewood, stack of firewood
First
first (adv), first of all, beginning with, starting with, 
first course, main course
first day of the week (Sunday), second day of the week (Monday), midweek (Wednesday), Sabbath (Saturday), the Lord's day (Sunday)
First fruits
first fruits, eat first of new crops
first language, mother-tongue, native speaker
first wife, first husband
first, original, initial, earliest, inaugural, prime, 
first, second, third, firstly, secondly, thirdly, in the first/second/third place, first of all, to begin with, to start with, finally, lastly, to conclude, in conclusion, last but not least,  
first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seven, eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, hundredth, thousandth, 
first, the first time, 
firstly, first of all, to start with, to begin with, in the first place
Fish
fish tank, fishbowl, aquarium, fishpond
Fish with hooks
Fish with net
fish, fish for, hook, net, spear, bait, 
fish, trawl, fly-fishing, cast, bait the hook
fish, water animal, sea creature
Fishing
Fishing equipment
fishing equipment, fishing gear, net, hook, fishhook, line, sinker, float, rod, reel, tackle, boat, dam, trap, bait
fishnet, net
fit something to something, resize, 
fit, dovetail, go in, go on, 
fit, physically fit, athletic, 
Fit, size
fixed, immovable, stuck, jammed, stiff, won't budge, can't budge something, can't move, immobile, paralyzed, stranded, entangled, caught, bound, permanent, rooted, entrenched, established, settled, set, 
flag, official seal, crown, scepter, throne, regalia, 
flag, standard, seal, coat of arms
flames, heat, light, smoke, fumes, exhaust, sparks, ash, soot
flammable, inflammable, combustible
flap, detail, bar, blade, hook, lid, neck, nose, shelf, wheel, longitudinal, projection, 
flare up, flame up
flare, spread, lopsided, fan out, 
flash across the sky, blaze a trail across the sky, strike the earth, make a crater, burn up
flash, flare, spark, scintillate, 
Flat
flat stomach, 
flat, flat as a pancake, even, flush, 
flat, level, even
flatten, even (v), even out, smooth, level, roll something flat, press, squish, squash, smash, mash, spread thin
flatten, flatten out, level off, 
Flatter
flatter, ingratiate, adulate, blandish, cajole, 
flatworm, liver fluke, intestinal worm, tapeworm
Flesh
flesh (colored), white, black, blotchy, red, bloom, blush, fair, dark, florid, glowing, sanguine, swarthy, albino, 
flesh, fleshy, tissue, soft tissue
flex (muscles), ripple, contract, tighten, tense, relax, bunch up, cramp, twitch, stretch, tear, pull, bulge, spasm, convulsion, 
flexible, flexibility, flimsy, pliable, bendable, weak, 
flicker, blink, 
flicker, dance, glow
flight, squadron, air fleet, formation, 
flimsy, tenuous, 
float, float down river, afloat
flock
flock (of birds), bevy, colony, covey, flight, flock, gaggle
flock, herd
flog, beat, lash, scourge, whip, 
Flood
flood (n), flood (v), flooding, inundate, deluge
flood of, wave of, deluge of, avalanche of, stream, torrent, 
flood, torrent, flash flood, freshet, swell, surge
floodplain, 
Floor
floor
Floor, story
floor, story, level, 
flooring, wooden floor, linoleum, tile floor, dirt floor, cement floor, cow dung
flop down, fall into bed
flotsam, snag, logjam
flour, wheat flour, corn flour, millet flour
flourish, thrive, shoot up, 
Flow
flow, circulate, blood pressure, 
flow, current, whirlpool
flow, run, stream, current, rise, fall, flood, overflow, to wind, meander, erode, split, merge, roil, surge, torrent, trickle, effluence, spread, permeate, 
flower, bloom, blossom, petal, stamen, pistil, nectar, pollen, spear, spike
flower, blossom, bear fruit, produce fruit, fruitful, head, drop seeds, pollinate, yield
fluctuate, fluctuation, move, vary, 
fluid, watery, thin, runny, diluted
flutter, shake, quiver, tremble
Fly
fly up, soar, shoot up, 
fly, flutter, soar, dive, swoop, bank, turn, (hummingbird) hover, hop, roost, hang in the air, ride the wind, alight, land
fly, hover, dive-bomb, crawl
Fold
fold, crease, angle, plait, wrinkle, flap, lapel, dog-ear, tuck, gather, pleat, 
fold, fold up, crease, get creased, 
fold, fold up, crease, turn down, double over, crimp, dog-ear, 
folded, creased, dog-eared, 
folding, jointed, 
follicle, root, end, split end
Follow
follow (a sport), be into, take something up, 
follow at a distance, 
Follow, be a disciple
follow, be a disciple
follow, come after, ensue, follow-up, be after, 
follow, come next, be after, be next, succeed, come after, go after, go next, ensue, 
follow, follow someone around, tag along, follow on, come behind, come after, go last, 
follow, tail, shadow, stalk, track, trail, hound, trace, 
Food
Food from animals
Food from fruit
Food from leaves
Food from plants
Food from roots
Food from seeds
Food from vegetables
food poisoning, arsenic, cyanide
Food preparation
food preparation, cook, prepare food, fix (a meal, dish), make a dish
Food storage
food, meal, dish
food, sustenance, nourishment, intake, nutrition, nutritional, non-nutritional, diet
Foolish talk
foolish talk, foolishness, babble, balderdash, bilge, blather, chit-chat, drivel, falderal, gossipy, hooey, humbug, idle talk, joking, nonsense, prate, prattle, stupidity, twaddle
foolish, meaningless, silly, stupid, 
foolish, shortsighted, unwise
foot, bottom
Football, soccer
football, soccer, 
football, soccer, basketball, tennis, track, track and field, ping pong, badminton, baseball, hockey, ice hockey, boxing, wrestling, running, cricket, golf,  gymnastics, race, 
footprint
footsteps
for
for all I care, who cares?, so what?, not my problem, not my concern, that's your problem, that's your lookout, tough!
for example, e.g., as follows, as below, such as, let me give you an example, to illustrate
for fun, for a laugh, for the hell of it, 
for two, double, two-man, 
for, against, opposed, hold back, be on the fringes
for, be for, for the sake of, serve to, so, so that, to, toward, with a view to, with the aim of, 
for, for (someone's) sake, for the sake of, for (someone's) benefit, for the benefit of
for, for the purpose of, for the sake of, with the purpose of, to, in order to, so that, to show that, 
force something on, impose, inflict something on, 
force, impact
force, make someone do something, drive, compel someone to do something, leave someone with no choice, leave someone with no option, be condemned to, 
force, stuff, squeeze, jam, cram, pack, wedge in
forcible (eviction), forcibly, compulsory (education), 
foreign, overseas, 
Foreigner
foreigner, immigrant, alien, expatriate, outsider
foreigner, stranger, enemy, foe
foreleg, forefoot, forepaw, forelimb, hind leg, hind limb, hoof, paw, claw, hock, fetlock, haunch, pastern, shank, stifle, 
foreskin
forest canopy, forest floor, underbrush, undergrowth, edge (of the forest), deep in the forest, backwoods, timberland
forest, forested, rain forest, grove, wood, wooded, woodland, woods, thicket, jungle, taiga, orchard
Forest, grassland, desert
forest, woods, grove, stand
Forever
forever, always, ever, eternally, incessantly, unceasingly, forever and ever, in perpetuity, for all eternity, for all time
Forget
forget, didn't think of it, overlook, draw a blank, escape me, slip my mind, fly right out of your mind, lose your train of thought, lose track of, 
forgetful, absentminded
Forgive
forgive, pardon, release, restore to favor, clear your record, have mercy on, wipe the slate clean, reassure, accept, accept an apology, overlook a wrong, cancel a debt
forked, bifurcate, bifurcated, fork, branch, a Y in the road, 
form an association, form a partnership
form, organize
fornicate, fornication, deflower (a virgin), 
Fort
fort, fortress, base, castle, bunker, post, 
forthright, blunt, outspoken, bald, speak your mind, not beat about the bush, make no bones about, not mince your words, call a spade a spade, pull no punches, 
fortification, fortified position, prepared position, camp, 
fortify, entrench, dig in, 
fortify, entrench, strengthen, dig in, 
fortress, fort, castle, battlement, moat, fortification
Forward
forward, ahead, 
forward, fullback, goalie, guard, halfback, striker, sweeper, wing, 
foul-mouthed, 
found to be, discover to be, turn out to be, be in many ways
foundation
Foundation
foundation stone, cornerstone
Four <divided by> two is two.;  Two <into> four equals two.;  Two <goes into> four two times.
Four <minus> two equals two.;  Two <subtracted from> four equals two.;  Two <from> four is two.
foxhole, trench, 
foyer, sanctuary, meeting hall, worship center, baptistery, classroom, pastor's study, vestibule, belfry, choir loft, balcony
Fraction
fraction, proportion, percentage, decimal, decimal point, 
fragment, scrap, splinter, chip, shard, 
fragment, shadow, trace, vestige
fragrant, aromatic, sweet-smelling, fresh, perfumed, delectable, delicious, nice, scented, wonderful, 
frame, edging, skirting, 
frame, erect a wall, put up siding, plaster, mud and wattle
frame, siding, insulation, arch
freak, 
Free from bondage
Free of charge
free someone, set free, liberate, emancipate
Free time
free time, spare time, time off, time out, leisure time, 
Free to do what you want
free, at liberty, be out, 
free, free of charge, cost nothing, complementary, no charge
free, freedman, liberated, freeborn, freeman
free, freely, be at liberty to do something
free, open, open-ended, unrestricted
freedman, 
freedom, autonomy, independence, liberty, 
freedom, liberty, autonomy, latitude, license, scope, 
freeload, freeloader, sponge, sponger, 
freeze, frozen, ice over/up
freeze, harden, brittle, frost-bound, 
freezing, bitter, biting, cutting, raw, 
freezing, bitterly cold, arctic, subzero temperatures, 
French braid
frenetic, wild, 
frenzy, fever pitch, hysterical, high spirits
frequent, repeated, habitual, 
fresh air, airy, well ventilated
fresh, raw, 
freshwater, saltwater, pelagic, marine, aquatic
freshwater, saltwater, seawater, saline solution, brackish
Friend
friend, pal, buddy, amigo, soul mate, mate, girlfriend, boyfriend, companion
friendship
frighten, give someone a fright, frighten the life out of someone, alarm (v), cow (v), give someone the creeps, daunt, intimidate, petrify, rattle (v), scare, spook, startle, terrify, terrorize, unnerve, make your hair stand on end, make your blood run cold, 
frightening, frightful, alarming, blood-curdling, chilling, creepy, dreadful, eerie, fearsome, forbidding, hair-raising, scary, spine-chilling, spooky, terrifying, 
frog (water), toad (land), amphibian
frog legs
from now on, from this time forward, starting now, starting from now, effective immediately, henceforth, 
from the results I would say..., 
from then on, starting then, 
from, 
from, away, off, apart, away from
from, be from (the tribe, or country), 
Front
front (adj), frontal, anterior
front (n), face, facade, 
front door, back door, side door, screen door, double doors, glass door, sliding door
front, in front, in the front, up front, forward, in the foreground, be in front, out in front, before, ahead of, 
frontrunner, strong contender, be the favorite, be in the running, 
frost
frown (in disapproval or worry), gape, grimace (in pain), pout, scowl, snarl, start, 
Frugal
frugal, frugality, thrifty, thrift, 
frugal, thrifty, careful with your money, economical
fruit bat, vampire bat
fruit, peel, peeling, juice, pulp, pulpy, flesh, fleshy, core, skin, stem, seed
fuddy-duddy, old fogy, old guard, traditionalist, 
Fuel
fuel
Full
full-blooded, 
full-grown, fully grown, grown, grown-up (adj), mature, 
full moon, half moon, new moon, 
full, complete, enthusiastic, whole-hearted, with reservations, half-hearted, hesitant, reserved, doesn't have his heart in it, involved
full, full up, bulging, be full to the brim, be bursting at the seams, be full to capacity, be chock-a-block, be packed out, be up to the brim, brimful, brimming, bursting, charged, chock-full, chockablock, jam-packed, jammed, loaded, replete, saturated, soaked, stuffed, supercharged, 
fuller, fullest, 
fullness, 
fully grown, adult, mature, grown up, fully developed, 
function
function, use, 
Funeral
funeral, wake, graveside service, burial service, last rites
fungus, bacteria, mold, mildew, mushroom
fur, wool, fleece, forelock, mane, hide, skin, meat, pelt, whisker, sheepskin, goatskin, leather, 
furnace, forge, crucible
furnace, pipe
furnish
Furniture
furniture, piece of furniture, set of furniture
Furrow
furrow, groove, rut, scratch, crack, score, incision, slit, chamfer, channel, gutter, trench, ditch, moat, trough, seam, line, fold, wrinkle
furrow, plow, incise, score, cut, seam, cut a channel, engrave, etch, bite in
furrowed, ribbed, striated, fluted, corduroy, corrugated, rippled, washboard, wrinkled
Future
future (adj), coming, forthcoming, upcoming, in the offing, 
future (n), soon, in the near future, in the distant future, in our children's time, will (be/do/happen), shall, would
gag, hush, muffle, silence (v), 
gain on, 
gain weight, put on weight, 
gain your freedom, gain your liberty, win your freedom
gait
gait, funny gait
gallop, trot, hop, crawl, fly, soar
gamble, gambling, gaming, bet, place a bet, wager
gambler, bookie
Gambling
game
Game
game
gap
Garbage
garbage can, trashcan, waste-basket, wastepaper basket, bin, dustbin, wastebin, garbage bag, 
garbage man, dustman
garbage pit, rubbish heap, garbage dump, rubbish tip, compost pile, incinerator, 
garbage truck, dustcart, 
garbage, rubbish, trash, litter, refuse, junk, waste, wastepaper, scrap, 
Gas
gas can, jerry can
gas chamber, electric chair, gallows, gibbet, guillotine, lethal injection, noose, scaffold, cross, stake, sword, 
gas, belching, cramps, 
gas, gaseous, vapor, mist, air, fume, steam, steamy, cloud (of gas), plume (of steam)
gas, pass gas, break wind, fart
gasp, wheeze, short of breath, 
gastric, gastrointestinal, abdominal, 
gate, gateway, entrance, 
Gather
gather eggs, collect eggs
gather ingredients, add ingredients, pour into dish, dilute, thicken, concentrated, dissolve, sweeten, 
Gather wild plants
gather, accumulate, amass, assemble, bring together, bunch up, collect, compile, concentrate, consolidate, cumulate, group (v), heap, heap up, herd together, layer (v), mass together, pile, rally, round-up, stack, stack up, load, 
gather, clump, cluster, collect, congregate, crowd together, flock, form, gang, horde, meet, pile up, swarm, throng, 
gather, collect, form, mass, congregate, converge, close (v), close in on, concentrate, crowd in, 
gather, collect, pick (berries)
gathered, collected, concentrated, crowded, crowding, cumulative, massed together, massing, togetherness, heaped, loaded, piled, 
gathering, assemblage, bunch, collection, concentration, group, heap, huddle, mass, pile, stack, 
gelding
genealogy, lineage, pedigree, family tree, 
General adjectives
General adverbs
General words
generally, broad, 
generation
generation, age group, the under-(ten)s, the over-(ten)s
Generous
generous, liberal, 
genetics, inherit, heredity, run in the family, pass on, take after, bad blood, genes, breeding
Gentle
geography, geographical, geographer, geology
geography, topography, feature, landscape, terrain
geology, 
geriatric, senior, 
germinate, sprout, spring up, seedling
Gesture
gesture (n), sign (n), signal
gesture (v), gesticulate, sign (v), make a sign, signal, give the signal, beckon, indicate, motion, nod, non-verbal, shrug, nudge, wave, wink, thumb your nose at, 
Get
get a fright, panic (v), go white as a sheet, nearly jump out of your skin, 
get a job, find work, 
get acquainted, get to know, start a relationship, develop a relationship, form an association, form a partnership
get angry, get mad, lose your temper, fly off the handle, blow your top, hit the roof, go crazy, go nuts, have a fit, go berserk, erupt, get your dander up, 
get attention, attract attention, attention, be the center of attention, be the focus of attention, 
get attention, attract attention, draw attention to yourself, 
get away with, make off with, 
get away, give someone the slip, throw someone off the scent, slip through someone's fingers, shake off, make a clean getaway, elude, evade, avoid capture, dodge, sidestep, cover your trail/tracks, 
get bigger, expand, grow, swell up, stretch, inflate, increase in size, swell, mushroom, 
get bogged down, sink
get carried away, be full of enthusiasm, 
get cold, turn cold, drop, fall, cool down, cool, cool off, freeze, lose heat
get custody, alimony, 
get dark, darken, the light fades, dim (v), fall, go dark, be plunged into darkness, 
get divorced, divorce (v), get a divorce, end in divorce, dissolution, dissolve, 
get engaged, engagement, set a date, 
get excited, excitement rose, go mad, go wild, go crazy, reach a climax, reach a fever pitch
get hold of, get through, reach, 
get in touch with, contact, make contact with, approach, get onto, 
get interested, become interested, get into, 
get into bed, crawl into bed, curl up in bed, get under the covers, crawl under the covers, fall into bed (exhausted), jump in bed
get light, brighten, lighten, the light grows, 
get longer, lengthen, stretch, 
get louder, sound grows, raise your voice, speak up, 
get off the subject, digress, get sidetracked, stray from, ramble, lose the thread, where was I? 
get permission, can, be allowed, be free to do something, may, 
get quieter, go quiet, die down, die away, fade away, fall silent, lower your voice, 
get ready for bed, go to bed, turn in, 
get rid of that smell, air out a room, deodorize, mask a scent
get shorter, shrink, contract, 
get sick, become ill, fall ill, be taken ill, sicken, become sick, catch (a disease), come down with, contract, 
get smaller, shrink, shrivel, shrivel up, contract, decrease in size, reduce, wither, 
get someone down, 
get someone out, spring, liberate, 
get taller, grow, sprout, shoot up, put on height
get the blame, get blamed for, take the blame, take the rap, carry the can, take the fall, 
get the chills, ague, 
get the sack, get the ax, lose your job, be laid off
get thinner, grow thinner, 
get tight
get tired, tire, flag, run out of steam, burn out, 
get to know, get acquainted, 
get to the point, stick to the point, to the point, 
get up, get out of bed
get up, get out of bed, sit up
get upset, get worked up, take something to heart, 
get wet, get soaked, bedew
get your breath back, 
get, acquire, gain, obtain, pick up, secure, take, 
ghost town, abandoned field, abandoned homestead, 
ghost, spirit, 
giant, 
gift, present, prize, reward, 
girl, lass, young woman, schoolgirl, 
Girlfriend, boyfriend
girlfriend, boyfriend, partner, lover, mistress, old flame
give a pledge, bond, collateral, earnest, put up collateral, promissory note, lien, credit, security, surety
give alms, 
give artificial respiration, 
give birth, embryo, multiply, propagate, reproduce, calve, calving, drop, kid, lambing, lay, spawn, spawning grounds, whelp
give blood, blood transfusion, 
give in, bow to, accede to, 
Give permission
give permission, agree to, allow, authorize, consent to, give your consent, grant permission, let, permit, say someone can do something, not stand in someone's way, sanction, suffer, give someone the go-ahead, okay something, give someone the green light, give leave, 
Give pledge, bond
give someone a bite, sink your teeth into, snap at, 
give someone a disapproving look, give someone a dirty look, frown, look askance, 
give someone an advantage, give someone the edge, be to someone's advantage, be in someone's favor, favor (v), 
give someone complete freedom, give someone a free hand, give someone carte blanche, give someone the run of, 
give someone treatment, treat, treatment, medical treatment, therapy, therapeutic, medical procedure, rehabilitation, medical aid, first aid, go to the aid of, 
Give up
give up, quit, resign, offer to resign, submit your resignation, fire, dismiss, sack
Give, donate
give, give away, donate, go to, make a donation, subscribe to, 
give, give away, donate, let someone have, offer, spare, 
Give, hand to
give, hand to, pass to, deliver
give, lend, 
giver, benefactor, donor, philanthropist, 
glacier, snowcap, snowfield, avalanche
glance, cursory glance, look at briefly, (eyes) flicker over, take a quick look, 
glare, scowl, frown, give a dirty look, glower, 
glass blower
glass, crystal
glasses, eyeglasses, corrective lenses, contact lens, bifocals, spectacles, specs, monocle, 
globe
gloomy, dingy, the shadows, 
Glory
glory, glorious, magnificent, splendor, resplendent, awe inspiring, wonderful, grand, great
glowing, be the picture of health, healthy-looking, 
gnaw at you, 
Go
go (away), leave here/this place, get out of here
go abroad, go overseas
go ahead, be my guest, feel free, help yourself, 
go ahead, proceed, 
Go away!;  Leave me alone!;  Get out of my sight!
go away, clear up, 
go away, recede
go bad, backslide, fall into sin, your behavior is deteriorating, go crooked
go bad, go off, go stale, go sour, spoil, taint, 
go bad, go wrong, turn to crime, fall, fall into sin, 
go crazy, go berserk, go mad, go nuts, 
go crazy, go mad, go nuts, go round the bend, 
go deaf, become deaf, lose your hearing, deafen, 
Go first
go first, come first, precede, lead, lead the way, blaze a trail, be in the van, forerun, 
go for a walk, take a walk, go for a stroll, parade, procession, stretch your legs, hike, go hiking, trek, walk around
go into a trance
go off, 
go on a holiday, take a holiday, go on vacation, take a vacation, go on a trip
go on a journey, journey, trip, passage, tour
go out, date, 
go out, go down, dim, 
go over, recap, review
go slow, slowness, take your time (over)
go straight, in a straight line, direct, as the crow flies
go to any lengths, be hell-bent on, whatever the cost, ruthless, stop at nothing
Go to sleep
go to sleep, fall asleep, drop off, sink into a deep sleep
go to the doctor, see a doctor, consult a doctor, 
go to the hospital, have someone in, stay in the hospital, hospital stay, admit, discharge, 
go to the movies, watch a movie, go to the cinema, go to the pictures, audience, moviegoer, ticket
go to your head, 
go to your reward, be wasted, fall asleep, croak, depart, breathe your last, defunct, grim reaper
go to, 
go together, 
go together, go with, suit you, color scheme, complimentary, 
go up, climb, rise, 
go with, come with, come along, accompany, escort (v), travel with, journey together, 
go with, set off, match, go together, complement, matching, blend in, 
Go! Now!
go, dig in, have at it, let's go, let's do it, move it, let's get going, "on your marks, get set, go", "ready, set, go"
Goal (of movement)
goal, score, 
Goat
goat
goatherd
gobble, inhale, wolf down, devour, eat fast
God
God's will, providence
god shelf, shrine
god, goddess, the gods, pantheon, deity, 
God, the Lord, Yahweh, Elohim, Allah, Theos, Deus, Sky God, supreme being, supreme deity
going strong, 
gonna, going to, intend to, 
Good
good-looking, handsome, attractive, cute, hunky, rugged, striking, gorgeous, be a fine figure of a man, dashing, 
good cook, bad cook, tremendous cook, fantastic cook
good deed, good behavior, 
good feelings, positive emotions, good attitude, 
good foundation, firm foundation, even foundation, proper foundation, weak foundation
good neighbor, neighborly
good reputation, prestige, stature, 
good, blessed, fortunate, easy, prosperous, carefree, trouble free, quality, plentiful, fun-filled, fantastic, great, full, fruitful, productive, enjoyable, happy, wonderful
good, ethical, fine, right, righteous, worthy, 
good, fine, excellent, moral, nice, worthy
Good, moral
good, moral, blameless, decent, ethical, excellent, fine, high-minded, holy, honorable, just, pure, righteous, saintly, sanctified, upstanding, virtuous, worthy, 
good, nice
good, valuable, worthy, advantageous, important, useful, dear
good, well-behaved, well-brought up 
good, wise, bad, bum steer, advisable, helpful, constructive, positive, 
Goodbye. See you later. Have a good day.
goodness, morality, holiness, purity, righteousness, sanctification, virtue, 
goodnight, sleep tight, pleasant dreams, sweet dreams, 
goose flesh, goose pimples, goose bumps, 
Gossip
gossip, busybody, talebearer, tattler, tattletale, chatterer, slanderer
gossip, rumor, tale, report, juicy detail, hearsay, scandal, slander, second hand story
gossip, talk about someone behind their back, bitch about, slag off, bad-mouth, start a whispering campaign, tattle, stab in the back, tell tales, start a rumor, spread rumors, spread an evil report, slander
gourd, pumpkin, squash, eggplant
govern, government, governor, governance
Governing body
governing body, congress, parliament, legislature, court, cabinet, council, ministry, department
Government
Government functions
Government official
Government organization
government organization, ministry, department, branch, agency
governmental, official
grab, snatch, whisk away, seize
grace, gracefulness, poise, elegance, coordination, 
Graceful
graceful, coordinated, elegant, light-footed, light on your feet, lithe, 
graceful, elegant, smooth, flowing, effortless, easy, with ease, 
gracious hostess, hospitable
grade, mark
grade, score, mark, results
gradually, in stages, step by step, one step at a time, in increments, incrementally, piecemeal, by degrees, little by little, 
graduate, teacher, scholar, 
grain
grain, flake, speck, fleck, crumb, morsel, tidbit, dot, mote, 
Grammar
grammar, syntax, morphology
grandchild, grandson, granddaughter
Grandfather, grandmother
grandparent, grandfather, grandmother
Grandson, granddaughter
granduncle, grandaunt, great-uncle, great-aunt
granite, sedimentary, igneous, metamorphic, pumice, shale, quartz, flint, marble, slate, chalk, sandstone
grant a divorce, annul, annulment, 
grape vine, morning glory
grape, pick, vine, vineyard, prune, winepress, cluster, wine, grape juice
grape, pineapple
Grass, herb, vine
grassland, prairie, savannah, bush, moor, moorland, brush, brake, heath, scrubby, scrubland, shrubby, steppe, tundra, veldt
Grave
grave clothes, shroud, coffin, casket, sarcophagus, urn
grave marker, gravestone, headstone, tombstone, slab, memorial, monument, epitaph
grave, tomb, burial plot, sepulcher, vault, crypt, barrow, 
gravity, 
Gray
gray, ashen, charcoal gray, grizzle, grizzled, grizzly, hoar, hoary, leaden, mouse-colored, mousy, muddy, slate-gray, smoky, sooty, steel-gray, 
graze, chew the cud
graze, feed, chew the cud
Great Britain, United States of America, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Ireland
Greedy
greedy, greed, grasping, materialistic
green bean, lima bean, kidney bean, pea, cowpea, soybean
green, beginning (student), new, uninitiated, ignorant, untrained, inexperienced, unknowledgeable
green, greenish, apple-green, bottle-green, chlorine, emerald, grass, grass-green, khaki, leaf-green, leek-green, lime-green, olive, pea, pea-green, peacock, sap green, sea-green, topaz, verdant, viridian, 
green, immature, young, 
green, juicy, succulent
green, unripe, immature, mature, mellow, ripen, ripe
greens, surgical suit, white coat, nurses cap
Greet
greet warmly, warm greeting, cool reception, enthusiastic greeting
greet, say hello
grief, grieve, mourn, be in mourning, 
grieve, be in mourning, mourn, lament, bemoan, mourning, lamentation, grief, sorrow, 
Grind
Grind flour
grind your teeth, gnash, clench your teeth, 
grind, gnash, 
grind, grate, scrape, scratch
grind, mill
gristle
groan, cry out
groan, moan, sigh
gross national product
gross, outsized, overgrown, oversized, unwieldy, 
grouch, 
ground
ground beef, steak
Group of things
group, collection, lot, cluster, clump, assortment, accumulation, aggregate, bits-and-pieces, nuts-and-bolts, odds-and-ends, stockpile, system, volley, wares
grow grain, sheaf, winnow
grow, cultivate, raise, farm (v), garden (v), produce, 
Grow, get bigger
grow, get taller, bet bigger, develop, increase in size, mature, grow up, 
grow, growth, branch out, put down roots, spread, develop, extend, flourish, spring, swell, thrive, photosynthesis
Growing bananas
Growing cassava
Growing coconuts
Growing coffee
Growing crops
Growing flowers
growing flowers, floriculture, flower, prune, pick flower, gardening, garden, flower garden, flowering plants
Growing fruit
Growing grain
Growing grapes
Growing grass
Growing maize
Growing potatoes
Growing rice
Growing roots
growing seaweed, scuba diving, pearl diving, offshore drilling, fishpond
Growing sugarcane
Growing tobacco
Growing trees
Growing vegetables
Growing wheat
growing, 
Growth of plants
growth, development, maturation, 
growth, explosion, hike, increase, rise, 
grunt, snort, squeal, 
grunt, squeal, snort
Guess
guess, estimate, suppose, assume, theorize
guess, estimate, supposition, assumption, theory, intuition
guest, dinner guest, guest of honor
Guide
guide, lead, show, usher, shepherd, take the lead, lead on, lead the way, show the way, show someone to a place, blaze a trail, conduct, escort, precede, go before, marshal, 
guide, leader, pilot, point man, usher
guild, trade association, chamber of commerce
guilt
guilt-ridden, 
gun, firearm, rifle, pistol, revolver, repeater, shotgun, six-gun, six-shooter, smoothbore, machinegun, 
gun, knife, pick, safe cracking tools, skeleton key, mask, gloves, get away car
gun, revolver, billy club, handcuffs, police uniform, badge, police car, siren, police radio, whistle
gustatory, 
guzzle, gulp, gulp down, swig, sip, suck, pour down your throat, inhale, to down (something)
gymnastics, aerobics, training, exercise (n)
Habit
habit (nun), cowl (monk), robe
habit, habitual, mannerism, ways, 
habitat, the wild
hack, cut repeatedly
had... -en,  
Hades, Sheol, the place of the dead, the grave, the other side, the beyond, underworld, nether world, 
Hair
hair color, black, brown, brunette, blond, auburn, red, redhead, dyed, bleached
hair coloring
hair condition, dry, greasy, split end, tangled, combed, uncombed
hair, 
Hairstyle
hairstyle, short hair, long hair, braid, wig, 
hairy, bearded, bushy, 
half-breed, 
half-brother, half-sister
half-court, full-court, pick up game
half empty, 
half full, 
half, 
half, one half, third, one third, two thirds, quarter, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth
Halley's Comet 
Halt! Stay! Cease and desist! Belay that order! Avast!
halt, standstill, pause, discontinuance, stoppage, stay, closure
halve, quarter (v), bisect, trisect, (divide/cut/fold) in half, in two, 
hammer, anvil, tongs, forge, furnace, bellows
hammer, chisel
hammer, mallet, club, pestle
hammer, pound, club, whip
hand
hand over, deliver, 
hand, right hand, left hand, heel of hand, palm, back of hand
handcuff, shackle, tie up, bind, binding, 
handcuffs, shackles, restraint, cage, restraint, 
handkerchief, hanky, tissue, 
handle (of a pot, knife), blade (of a knife), lid (of a pot, container), lip (of a bowl), door (of an oven, refrigerator, cupboard), shelf (of a refrigerator, cupboard), rack (of an oven, grill)
handle bars, kick stand, bike bell, tire pump
Handle something
handle, blade, teeth
handle, grip
handle, hilt, guard, blade, edge, tip, back, flat
handle, manipulate
handle, neck, head, claw
Hang
hang head, cower in shame, cringe, 
hang up
hang your head, cry, frown, bewail, groan, lament, lamentation, sigh, wail
hang, hang up, suspend
hangar, control tower, terminal, 
hangover
Happen
happen so fast, in the twinkling of an eye, came and went so quickly, it was all over in a minute
happen, occur, take place, chance, befall, betide, supervene, 
happiness, bliss, cheerfulness, contentment, delight, elation, euphoria, gladness, good feelings, joy, mirth, pleasure, satisfaction
Happy
Happy for
happy, 
happy, blissful, delightful (time), idyllic, joyous (occasion), pleasant
happy, cheerful, contented, jolly, jovial, have a happy/cheerful/sunny disposition
happy, cheering, cheerful (thought), heartening, heartwarming, pleasing, satisfying
happy, happily, cheerful, cheerfully, chipper, content, contented, contentedly, glad, gladly, jaunty, merry, mirthful, pleased, satisfied
harbor, port, landing, dock, wharf, water break
hard to believe, unbelievable, doubtful, incredible, unconvincing, disputable, untrustworthy, unfaithful, undependable, improbable, unpersuasive
hard, adamant, firm, indurate, petrified, concrete, tough
Hard, firm
hard, soft, sharp, smooth
harden, firm up, petrify, stiffen, toughen
harden, set, stiffen up
harem
harm someone's reputation, damage someone's reputation, give someone a bad name, bring someone into disrepute, discredit, bring discredit on, 
harm yourself, cut your own throat, be your own worst enemy, shoot yourself in the foot, rebound on, come back to haunt you, 
harmful, damaging, be bad for, 
harmful, poisonous, toxic, noxious, 
harmful, toxic, toxicity, unwholesome, dangerous, 
harmless, 
harmless, innocuous, do no harm, 
harsh, grating, rasping, 
Harvest
harvest lumber, cut down, chop down, to log, wood cutting, clear cut, fell a tree
harvest maize, harvest rice, harvest yams, harvest beans, pick fruit, pluck an apple, dig potatoes, pull carrots, cut vegetables
harvest, harvest time
harvest, reap, gather in the harvest
harvester
hatch, peck its way out of the egg
hate your job, boring
hate, abhor, have an abhorrence, abominate, deplore, despise, detest, loathe, have a loathing for, look down on, odium, feel unfriendly toward, 
Hate, detest
hate, hating, hatred, abhorrence, aversion, loathing, repugnance, repulsion, 
hate, hatred, animosity, antagonism, antipathy, enmity, hostility, ill will, malevolence, malice, spite, 
Hate, ill will
hate, wish evil on, wish one ill, want revenge, have it in for, 
hated, 
hated, despised, detested, loathed, odious, resented, 
hateful, 
hateful, abominable, deplorable, despicable, detestable, execrable, reprehensible, 
hateful, hating, antagonistic, hostile, malicious, spiteful, 
Hatfields, McCoys, Bear Clan
have (a disease), suffer from, be sick with, infected with, stricken with, have an attack of, 
have a baby, give birth, become a mother, bear a child, deliver, hatch, 
have a bad reputation, be of evil repute, be poorly thought of, have a bad name
have a child out of wedlock
have a disadvantage, be at a disadvantage, be handicapped, the odds are stacked against you, disadvantaged, 
have a go, have a stab at, give it a go, put up a good show, 
have a good chance, stand a good chance, be set to do something, be on course
have a good reputation, have a reputation for, be of good repute, be well thought of, have a good name, 
have a habit of doing something, out of habit, from habit, force of habit, be accustomed to
have a lot on your mind, be under a strain, preoccupied, stressed out, 
have a meeting, attend, attendance, congregate, convene, 
have a nervous breakdown, crack up, go mad, go insane, go crazy, go senile, develop a psychosis
have a temper, irascible, bilious, cantankerous, choleric, cranky, grouch, hot tempered, hot headed, ill-tempered, irascible, irritable, easily offended, quick-tempered, prim, prude, sensitive, thin-skinned, touchy, 
have a temperature, feverish, 
have an accident, be involved in an accident, crash
have an advantage, be at an advantage, have something on your side, the odds are stacked in your favor, have a head start, have everything going for you, hold all the cards, have the upper hand, be in a strong position, be in a position of strength, 
have an ear for music, have a good ear, maestro, tone deaf
have an incestuous relationship, incest
have an infection, be infected, infect, get infected, break out, develop an infection, 
have an upset stomach, have a stomach-ache, tummy-ache, be sick to your stomach, 
Have authority
have authority, be in authority, be in charge
have been... -ing, 
have doubts, have reservations, have misgivings, have mixed feelings, have qualms, hesitant
have enough, be OK for, be all right for, be well off for, have sufficient, 
have extra, 
have good manners, 
have influence, be influential, carry weight, have a hold on
have magical powers, magic (adj), magical, supernatural, occult, mystic, weird, 
have mercy, be merciful, be compassionate, feel sorry for, have a heart, be kind, empathize, empathy, pity (v), spare, 
have no answer, lack answer, not know what to answer, don't know how to answer, don't know what to say, don't have an answer, can't answer
have on, wear, 
have sex with, have intercourse, make love, sleep with, go to bed with, lovemaking, coition, coitus, copulation, coupling, impregnate, mate, unite, 
have something in common, share something, correspond, 
have something in it, contain, 
have the time/money, can afford, can spare, run to, 
have to, must, 
Have wealth
Have, be with
have, be with, 
Have, of
have, of, -'s
have, of, -'s, consist of, be made of, be made up of, be composed of, comprise, be divided into, include
have, of, -'s, contain, hold
have, possess, own
have... -en, 
hay, alfalfa
He <almost> died.
He <himself> admits he is guilty.;  I did it <myself> without any help.;  You can do what you want. <As for me>, I'm not going.
He <made> me angry.
He <reached> the age of 100.
He did it <for no reason>.;  There is <no basis> for your claim.
He doesn't understand--he's <only> a child.;  I don't want anything--I <only> want to help.
He gave you <three times what> he gave me.;  He gave you <three times as much as> he gave me.
He is <almost> the worst student in the school.
He is almost 100 years old.
He is rich <in> land.;  He is a leader, <specifically in regard to> strategy.;  <In the case of> a disagreement we will seek arbitration.;  What does that have to do <with> me?;  There might be a problem <between> our decision <and> his.
He is sitting <where> I was sitting.
He lives <just> across the street. 
he, him, his, she, her, hers, it, its, they, them, their, theirs
head
Head
head (in a direction), go (in a direction)
head hair, forelock, body hair, pubic hair
head, abdomen, thorax, carapace, exoskeleton, wing, horn, stinger, sting, segment, antenna, feeler, forewing, proboscis, compound eye, spinneret, 
head, cob, husk, corn silk, kernel, tassel
head, ear, eye, nose, muzzle, maw, snout, trunk (of an elephant), proboscis, mouth, tooth, fang , tusk, tongue, neck, horn, antler, dewlap, 
heal, mend, 
health, bloom, fitness, 
health, wellbeing, condition, physiology, 
Healthy
healthy, be good for you, be good for your health, do you good, beneficial, 
healthy, well, fine, in good health, able-bodied, hale, sound, whole, 
Hear
hear,
hear, overhear
hearing aid, bug, stethoscope
hearing aid, ear trumpet, 
hearing, sense of hearing, 
Heart
heart-felt, strong, powerful, deep, shallow, passing, 
heart attack, heart failure, coronary, arteriosclerosis, cardiovascular, fibrillation, hardening of the arteries, thrombosis, heart murmur, weak heart, heart condition, 
heart murmur, irregular heart beat, skip a beat, 
heart, breast, emotions, emotional makeup, feeling, feelings, sensitivity, gut, 
heart, chamber, atrium, ventricle, valve, cardiac, 
heartbreak, heartache, discouragement, grief, downer, tragedy, bitter pill to swallow, woe
hearth, flue, grate, fireguard, screen, chimney, mantle, fender, hob, trivet, 
heat something, warm something, thaw something, melt something, take the chill off, heat up, reheat, warm up, 
heater, furnace, air-conditioning
heave, lug, haul
Heaven, hell
heaven, paradise, your reward
heaven, space, outer space, ether, void, solar system
Heaven, the highest heaven, the abode of God, the throne of God
heavenly body, celestial body, luminary
heavier, heaviest, 
Heavy
heavy rains, experience torrential rains, el Ni\xc3\xb1o
heavy wind, strong wind, squall, gale, stormy wind, howling wind
heavy, burdensome, cumbersome, cumbrous, heavyweight, hefty, lumpish, massive, overweight, ponderous, unwieldy, weighty, 
heed, mind, mindful, respond, 
height, altitude, level, elevation, 
height, stature, 
heighten, raise, 
heightened, raised, 
heir, heiress, beneficiary, 
hell, the pit, fire and brimstone, eternal damnation
Hello. Howdy. How are you? How ya doin'? Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening. Good to see you. Pleased to meet you.
Hello. Welcome. Come in.
Help
help (n), assistance, support (n), aid (n),
Help to give birth
help, be of help, help out, with someone's help, aid (v), come to someone's aid, assist, be of assistance, support, lend a hand, do your bit, rally round
helper, aide, accomplice, assistant, 
helpful, accommodating, cooperative, obliging, 
hem, fringe, 
hemisphere, North Pole, South Pole, pole, polar, polar cap, equator, tropics, tropical, continent, time zone, the Third World, the West, the East, Orient
hemp, cotton
hen house, duck pond, birdcage
herb, grass, vine, aquatic, bulb, bulbous, briar, brier, burr, cactus, cane, creeper, cultivated, fern, flowering, gourd, reed, sod, sprawling, thorny, weed, wild
herb, herbal, 
herd (of cattle), drove (of cattle), kennel (of dogs), pack (of dogs), pride (of lions), pod (of whales)
herd (v), flock (v), swarm (v), herd instinct, fly in formation, move as a herd, 
herd instinct
herd, shoo away, scare off
herdsman, herder, cowboy, shepherd
here, hereabouts, hither, in this place, on this very spot, around here
Here, there
heresy, heretical, heretic, false doctrine/teaching
hero, heroine, daredevil, 
hesitate, pause, false start
Hesitation fillers
heterodoxy, sect, denomination, dissent
hey, hi, hello, pleased to meet you, 
hibernate
hiccup (v), hiccup (n), have the hiccups, 
hidden, secret
Hide
Hide your thoughts
hide, conceal, concealment, bury, secrecy
hide, meat, blood, milk, eggs, wool, skins, leather, bone meal, fat, tallow, grease, horn, blood, feathers, down, silk
hide, not show, conceal, keep secret, cover up, suppress, repress, disguise, mask, put on a brave face, bottle something up, be non-committal, sweep something under the rug, cover your tracks
hide, take refuge, go into hiding, disappear, 
hiding place, hideout, refuge, 
High
high in, rich in, 
High status
high status, high rank, privilege, promote, raise in status, raise in rank, important person, aristocracy, prominent, grand, great
high, high-pitched, piercing, shrill, squeaky, tinny, 
high, lofty, upper, alpine, topmost, 
high, low, greater, lesser, first, primary, secondary, 
high, squeak, squeal, whine, peep, 
higher, highest, 
hilt, blade, guard
Hinder
hinder, hinder someone from, oppose, opposition, stand in opposition to, be antagonistic
Hinduism
Hinduism, Hindu, New Age, Vishnu, Vedic, guru, reincarnation
hippies, yuppies, beatniks, greens
hippies, yuppies, beatniks, greens, teenagers
hire, employ
Hire, rent
hire, rent, hireling, rental, to contract out, subcontract, tenancy
hired hand, employee
hired hand, employee, servant, hireling, slave, 
His father <helped> John build his house.;  John built his house <with> his father's <help>.
His father <made> John hoe the field.
His promise <is the basis of> my hope.;  His work <formed the basis of> all subsequent developments.;  He was convicted <on the basis of> circumstantial evidence.;  <In view of> the current situation we should think about moving.;  <By virtue of> the authority conferred on me I pronounce you man and wife.
His request <is reasonable>.
hiss, rattle
hiss, swish, fizz, fizzle, groan, moan, rustle, shriek, sough, wail, wheeze, whine, whisper, whistle, whiz, whoosh, 
historian, archaeologist
History
history, historical, archaeology, chronology, 
Hit
hit hard, whack, smash into, wallop, cream
hit on head, be sick, be in pain, anesthesia
hit over and over, beat
hit the shore, break on the shore/rocks, break against, break over, crash against, crash down on, lap against, wash against the shore, gentle wash of the waves
hit, bash, batter, beat up, belt, black eye, bludgeon, bruise, crush, concussion, cudgel, cuff, hammer, horsewhip, kick, knee, knock, lash, pelt, pummel, punch, slap, smack, smash, squash, stone, strike, thwack, whip, 
hit, on target
hit, slap, smack
hit, strike
hit, strike, bang into, smack, bump (into), crash into
ho ho ho, ha ha ha
hoard, parsimony
hobby, interest, recreation, 
hoe, pick, shovel, spade
hoe, shovel, spade
Hold
hold
hold hands, be together, do things together, share, give gifts, show affection
hold in the fist
hold in the palm
hold loosely
hold tightly, grip
hold up, prop up, brace, 
hold you to your promise, 
hold your breath, 
hold your nose, 
hold your nose, pierce (the septum), put a ring in (the nose)
hold, cradle (in arms), rock, 
hold, hold down, restrain, pin someone down, seize, 
hold/have an opinion, hold a view, have a perspective
Hold: John <has> the key in his pocket.
Holding tool
hole, cave, cavern, grotto, opening, crack, depression, hollow, cavity, channel, chasm, cleft, cranny, crater, crevasse, crevice, depression, dip, mud hole, pit, sinkhole, mouth of a cave
hole, pit, mine, excavation, tunnel, burrow, trench, ditch, shaft, foxhole, crater, cave, cavern, grotto
Holiday
holiday, vacation
holiday, vacation, break, leave, day off
holiday, vacation, trip, honeymoon
holidaymaker, vacationer, tourist
Hollow
hollow out
hollow out, carve out, dent in, indent, push in the side
hollow, cavernous, inflated
holster, trigger, muzzle, chamber, barrel, stock, bolt, bayonet, bore, breech, bullet, butt, hammer, musket, safety, sight, 
holy, consecrated, sanctified, sacred, devoted, baptized
home town,  
homebody, 
homemaker, children's caretaker, nursery worker, nurse (for children), nanny
homicidal, murderous, 
homograph, homonym, homophone, homophonous, rhyme, 
homosexual, gay, lesbian, homo, homosexuality, lesbianism, pervert, perverted, bisexual, sodomy, sexual orientation, 
Honest
honest, reputable, incorruptible, above suspicion, 
honest, to be honest, in all honesty, frank, candid, direct, straightforward, tell someone straight, 
honest, truthful, sincere, straight, open, scrupulous, upright, 
honesty, integrity,  
honesty, integrity, truthfulness, scruples, 
honey
honeymoon, wedding night, consummation (of the marriage), 
honk, toot, blare, beep, 
Honor
Honorifics 
hoof and mouth, cowpox
Hoofed animals
hop, hop on one leg, hop around, skip, 
Hope
hope (n), wish (n)
hope, look forward to, anticipate, eagerly await, bide, desire, dream, be optimistic, wish for, fulfill hope, 
Hopeless
hopeless, lose hope, cynical, cynicism, despair, fatalistic, fatalism, pessimistic, pessimism
hops, yeast, millet, corn (maize), rice
hopscotch, leap frog, gymnastics, high jump, broad jump, pole vault, bungee jumping, sky diving, parachuting
horizon, skyline
Horizontal
horizontal, prone, prostrate, longwise, flat on the ground, on its side, lie, prone, flush, on an even keel, on the level, parallel to the ground
horse, donkey, zebra, tapir, rhinoceros, elephant, pachyderm, onager
horseshoe crab
horsetail
Hortative
Hospital
hospital, infirmary, hospice, clinic, medical center, health center, doctor's office, the doctor's, dispensary, aid post/station, nursing home, 
hospitalize
host, hostess
host, master of ceremonies
hostile, aggressive, combative, contentious, discordant, 
Hostility
Hot
hot pad, oven mitt
hot, boiling, be a scorcher, sultry, sunny, sweltering, sweltry, tropical, heat wave, 
hot, heat, red hot, boiling, burning hot, molten, ardent, baking, blazing, brisk, broiling, burning, calorific, fervent, fervid, fevered, fiery, glowing, heat, hot, igneous, incandescent, reeking, scorching, sizzling, smoking, torrid, white-hot, 
hot, piping hot, scalding, 
hot, pirated, stolen, 
hot, warm, boiling, 
hotel owner, concierge, porter, desk clerk
hotel, motel, inn, campground, restaurant
hotel, motel, inn, hostel, lodge, 
House
house fire, forest fire, grass fire, wood fire, oil fire
house of God, church, temple, synagogue, mosque, shrine, god house, sanctuary, tabernacle, 
household
Household decoration
Household equipment
housewarming
housewife, housekeeper
How are you <faring>?;  How do things <stand> at work?
how big, be (ten acres) in size, cover, extend over, 
how big, be (ten liters) in volume, hold, be (ten) cubic inches, be two meters long two meters wide and two meters high, be two by two by two, 
how big, measure (10 meters), be 10 meters long/wide/high, 
how deep, be (ten feet) deep, (ten feet) in depth, at a depth of (ten feet), plunge (ten feet), 
how full, be (half) full, 
how light, be (two pounds) (too) light, 
How much does this cost?
how narrow, be only (one inch) wide, be (two inches) (too) narrow, 
how often, how many times, the number of times, frequency, 
how short, be (two inches) (too) short,  
how small, 
how tall, be (six feet) tall, be (ten meters) high, be (six feet) in height, 
how thick, be ten centimeters thick, 
how wide, be (ten feet) wide, be (ten feet) across, 
how, 
how, however, 
how, however, somehow, somehow or other, 
huge number, myriad, zillion, jillion, umpteen, googolplex, 
huge, enormous, 
huge, enormous, massive, colossal, great, giant, gigantic, great big, be a whopper, be quite a size, astronomical, elephantine, mammoth, monstrous, monumental, prodigious, stupendous, tremendous, vast, 
huge, enormous, vast, massive, colossal, goodly, immense, whopping, 
huge, immense, vast, enormous, 
huge, large, crowded
hugging the ground, down low, way down, 
hum, monotone, steady noise
hum, whistle
human (adj), human nature
Humble
humble yourself, 
humble, 
humble, lowly, meek, mild, modest, self-deprecating, self-effacing, simple, timid, timorous, unassuming, unpretentious
humid, humidity, damp, dry, sticky, muggy
humid, humidity, damp, sultry
humid, moist, muggy, steamy, tropical
humiliated, 
humility, humbleness, condescension, debasement, lowliness, modesty, self-abasement, self-deprecation, timidity, 
Humor
humor, comedy, comic relief, fun, caprice, fooling, kidding, joshing, wittiness, salt, whim, drollery, jocularity, levity, mirth
humorous, funny, hilarious, hysterical, silly, comical, ludicrous, amusing, comic, absurd, facetious, droll, laughable, zany, 
humorously, jokingly, jestingly, in jest, in sport, in play, in fun, not seriously
hundreds of, thousands of, millions of, a great many, countless, innumerable, overwhelming, myriad, 
hunger pains, stomach is growling
hungry, hunger, famished, starved, ravenous, 
Hungry, thirsty
Hunt
hunt (v), hunt (n), lay in wait, blind, decoy, animal call, bag an animal, strike to cause injury, strike hard, kill, flush an animal out of hiding, to suddenly come out of hiding, search, hide, capture, chase away, aim, miss target, shoot, hit target, nick
Hunt and fish
hunt for birds, snare, fowling, look for bird's nest
hunt with dog, hunting dog, hunting dog bell, take up the chase, catch the scent, follow the scent, corner an animal, tree an animal, bay (sound of a dog when following an animal)
hunt, stalk, prey
hunt, trap, fish
hunt, trap, snare, burn out, 
hunter, fisherman, honey gatherer
Hunting birds
hunting grounds
hurl, fling, heave, fire, 
Hurrah! Hooray! Yeah! Three cheers! Hallelujah! Yippee! Yahoo!
hurricane, typhoon, cyclone, blizzard, snowstorm, hailstorm, thunderstorm, rainstorm, cloudburst, windstorm, tornado, funnel, whirlwind
hurry (someone), rush (someone)
Hurry up! Move it! Let's go, let's go! Quick! Faster! Speed it up! Get a move on! Giddy up! (horse) 
hurry up, speed up, pick up speed, increase your speed, accelerate, acceleration, (its) speed rose, step on it, step it up, snap it up, pick up the pace, give it some gas, look lively, quicken
hurt someone, break someone's heart, grow apart, break up, 
hurt, ache, be agony, sting, 
hurt, inflict pain, torture, afflict, torment, 
hurt, painful, cause pain, sting, irritate, 
Husband, wife
hushed, subdued, 
hydrology, oceanography, 
hyena, raccoon, coon, 
hygiene, immunization, immunize, inoculate, inoculation, vaccinate, vaccination
hypnotize
hypocrisy, hypocrite
Hypocrite
hypocrite, pretender, actor
hyrax, coney, dassy
hysterical, have hysterics, go to pieces, fall apart, break down, have an emotional breakdown, go berserk, snap, crack, crack up, give in to, get carried away, have a fit, 
I'll get around to it someday.;  I'll do it later.
I'm looking for the man <who> killed John.;  I found the coin <that> I lost.;  That is the reason <why> I did it.
I <almost> hit you.
I <urge> you to help.;  I <request> that you help.;  <Let> us all do our part.;  <Why don't> you do something to help?;  <Please> do something to help.
I am like you, <but> we are different in this way.
I could have done this, <but> you stopped me from doing it.
I couldn't decide which of the two I wanted more, so I bought them both.;  The plan would be to our <mutual> benefit.;  We have a <mutual> friend.;  They <share> the same name.
I couldn't do that, so I did this <instead>.;  I did this <instead of> that.;  I want this <rather than> that.
I couldn't do this, so he did it <instead>.;  I went <instead of> him.
I cut <myself>.
I decided to eat something <while> I waited for the rain to stop.
I did it <because> I wanted to.;  I did it <because of> him.;  His statement is <the origin of> all the confusion.;  The <source> of the problem is a lack of motivation.;  Laziness <breeds> hunger.;  The storm <caused> a lot of damage.
I figure that..., I conclude that...,  
I had four brothers, but I am the <only> one who is still alive.
I have a <scale> we can use to weigh the rice.
I heard that..., 
I own less land than you.
I own more land than you.
I suggest, can I suggest, can I make a suggestion, let's, how about, what about, why don't you, you could always, we may as well, we might as well, 
I think so, I guess so, as far as I know, to the best of my knowledge, as far as I'm aware, 
I think this is true, <but> I also think that is true.
I want to do something, <but> can't do it.;  I tried to do something, <but> couldn't do it.;  I promised to do something, <but> didn't do it.
I want you to come here. <Then> I'll go there.;  You wanted to come here. <So> I decided to let you.
I was there and..., 
I wasn't there but..., 
I, me, my, mine
I, you, he, she, it, we, you, they
ice axe, snow shovel, snowplow
ice, drift, snowbank, blanket, snow cover, dusting, icicle, sheet of ice, iceberg, glacier
ice, water, steam
Idiophones
Idol
idol, hero, heroine, 
idol, image, icon
idolatry
idolize, revere, worship, put someone on a pedestal, hero-worship, 
if I were you, you should do something, you ought to, you'd be better off, take my advice, take it from me, you'd be well advised to do something, on no account, you'd better, I would, 
ignorant, uneducated, unlearned
Ignore
ignore, disregard, not take any notice of, not listen to, fall on deaf ears, 
ignore, not pay any attention to, pay no attention to, not take any notice of, take no notice of, don't mind me/her/them, shrug off, not want to know, take someone for granted, avoid, refuse to acknowledge, don't greet
ignore, try to forget, put out of your mind, empty your mind
ill, sick, unwell, infirm, look like death warmed over, unhealthy, ailing, diseased, incapacitated, indisposed, laid up, 
illegal, against the law, criminal, wrong, 
Illegitimate child
illegitimate child, bastard
illness, disease, complaint, condition, ailment, disorder, infection, bug, sickness, malady, infirmity, affliction, contagion, debility, indisposition, fever, syndrome, malaise, 
illogical, irrational, make no sense, not hold water, not stand up, not add up
illusion, fallacy, myth, delusion, mistaken belief, misconception, live in a fantasy world, swallow
image
image, conception, conceptualization, creation, daydream (n), dream, fancy, flight of fancy, fantasy, fiction, figment of your imagination, hallucination, hypothesis, invention, make believe, picture, unreality, vision, visualization, 
imaginary, abstract, conceptual, creative (thought), fanciful, fictional, hypothetical, unreal, nonexistent, doesn't exist, 
imagination, vivid imagination, fertile imagination, creativity, inventiveness, vision, 
imaginative, creative (person), 
Imagine
imagine, be in the mind, be in your mind, be seeing things, hallucinate, 
imagine, conceive of, dream up, envisage, hypothesize, invent, picture (in your mind), form a picture, make up, see, suppose, think of, think up, visualize, 
Imitate
imitate, pattern after, mimic, imitate, copy
Immature in behavior
immature, 
immature, babyish, boyish, callow, childlike, childish, girlish, inexperienced, infantile, irresponsible, naive, puerile, rookie, sophomoric, spoiled, 
immature, callow, young, 
immature, childish, infantile, juvenile, puerile, silly, 
immaturity, 
immeasurable, measureless, incalculable, unfathomable, unmeasured, untold, 
immediate, instant, instantaneous, 
immediate, right away, in no time at all
Immediately
immediately, instantly, this instant, sudden, suddenly, right away, right now, at once, without any time going by, without delay, no sooner, 
immerse, submerge
immersed, submerged, undersea, underwater, submarine, sunken, 
immorality, illicit relations, sexual sin, lasciviousness, licentiousness, obscenity, 
immoveable, fixed, fast, set, permanent
impact (n), effect, change (n), impression
impact (v), affect, change (v), impinge
Impartial
impatience, intolerance, 
Impatient
impatient, intolerant, 
impenitent, not regret, not be sorry, have no regrets, would do the same thing again, remorseless, unrepentant, not feel guilty, a clear conscience, have no qualms about, have no compunction, feel no compunction
Imperative 
imperfect, flawed
impious, irreligious, profane
implore, plead, beseech, entreat, importune
Impolite
Important
important, main (thing), grand, great, urgent, worthy
important, stand out, be conspicuous, be prominent
importunate
Impossible
impossible, not have a hope, not stand a chance, can't possibly, that's out, with the best will in the world, do the impossible
impossible, not possible, can't, couldn't, impossibility, inconceivable, unthinkable, by any/no stretch of the imagination, there's no way
impossible, not possible, impracticable, there's no way, out of the question, hopeless, impractical
imposter, charlatan, fraud, fake, pretender, quack, wolf in sheep's clothing
impotence, impotent, frigid, frigidity, 
impression, feeling, 
Imprison
improper, ill-suited, ill-timed, inadmissible, inapt, incongruous, incorrect, indecent, indelicate, malapropos, presumptuous, unacceptable, unapt, unbecoming, unbefitting, undue, unfit, unfitting, unsuited to, untimely, untoward, 
Improve
improve, develop, reform, 
improve, improvement, ameliorate, correct, develop, reform, remedy, renovate, renovation, upgrade, 
improved, corrected, 
impure, adulterated, mixed, polluted, tainted, diluted
impurity, contaminant, pollutant, pollution, 
impurity, defilement, pollution
in
In-law
in-law, father-in-law, mother-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law
in a ... way/manner/fashion, with, like, along ... lines, as if, as though, with an air of, 
in accordance with, just, lawful, legal, legality
In front of
in front, ahead, up ahead, 
in full view of, in front of, in front of someone's eyes, before someone's eyes, in the open, exposed to view, unhidden, within view, 
In general
in general, generally, mostly, on the whole, in most cases,  
In groups
in large numbers, in droves, in force, in strength, thick and fast, be dying like flies, be dropping like flies, 
in league with, in collusion with, in cahoots with, hand in glove with, 
in order that...not, so that...not, lest
in order, take turns, 
in other words, let me explain, that is, to put it another way, put it like this, put it this way, let me rephrase that, 
in place, in the proper place, in your place, out of place
in succession, one after the other, one after another, straight, in a row, running, alternate
In the beginning God created <the heavens and the earth>.
in the middle, at the center, 
in the middle, halfway, midway, midpoint, 
in the shade, shaded, shady, shadowy, 
in time, just in time, in the nick of time, not a moment too soon, at the last minute, at the eleventh hour, catch, cut it fine, cut it too close, made it in by a whisker, just under the wire, 
in tow, trailing, trailer
in, 
in, by
in, on, at, from, to, away, toward, about,  
inability, unable, incapable,  
inadequate, insufficient, meager, needed, poor, scant, scanty, scarce, short, 
inadvisable, 
inanimate, inorganic, 
inaudible, unheard, subsonic, 
incapacity, incompetence, inability, deficiency, lack of training
incautious, rash, impetuous
incessant, uninterrupted
incest, intermarry, 
inch, foot, yard, mile, light year, millimeter, centimeter, meter, kilometer, day's journey, 
Include
include, incorporate, involve, integrate
incompatibility, 
incompatible, ill-matched, 
incomplete, partial,  missing something, 
inconvenient, not convenient, be bad for, a bad time
Increase
increase (n), growth, rise, raise, build-up, upturn, hike, increment, proliferation, addition, supplement, 
increase (vt), raise, put up, push up, drive up, force up, boost, maximize, 
increase in value, inflate, inflation, appreciate
increase, go up, rise, grow, climb, gain, escalate, pick up, improve, widen, augment, expand, 
increase, grow, rise
increase, raise, swell
increased, heightened, greater, higher, 
increasing, rising, growing, mounting, escalating, expanding, more and more, cumulative, 
increasingly, 
increasingly, gain ground, get more and more, become more and more, grow in, gain in, 
Indefinite location
Indefinite pronouns
Indefinite time
Independent
Independent person
independent, 
independent, self-reliant, self-sufficient, individualist
independent, sovereign, self-governing
indicate, point to, point at, point out, signal that, gesture towards
indifference, neutrality, apathy, unconcern, lack of concern, 
Indifferent
indifferent, neutral, apathetic, unconcerned, unmoved, blas\xc3\xa9, careless, lackadaisical, half-hearted, casual, offhand, nonchalant, gaily
indiscriminate, miscalculate, misjudge, overestimate, uncritical, 
industrious, hard working, busy, devoted, devotion, diligent, diligence, 
inelastic
inevitable, whether you like it or not, willy nilly, be fated to, be destined to, predestined, be meant to be, pre-ordained, doomed, the inevitable
inexact, inaccurate, sort of, kind of, 
infancy, babyhood
infanticide
infantryman, private, buck private, corporal, sergeant, warrant officer, lieutenant, captain, major, colonel, general, field marshal, 
infection, contagion, curse, spirit, psychosomatic, bacteria, virus, germ, chill, exposure, chemical imbalance, genetic defect, 
infectious, contagious, be bad for you, be bad for your health, unsanitary, unhygienic, 
infectious, contagious, catching, 
infinity, infinite, boundless, endless, limitless, 
inflect, inflection, case, decline, declension, conjugate, conjugation, parse, paradigm, rule, singular, plural
Influence
influence, impact, weight, pressure, power, sway, control, leverage, pull
influence, sway, bias, pull strings, work on, affect, impact, make an impression on, prejudice, bribe, bring into line, lead by the nose
influential
Informal justice
informal justice, mob justice, lynch
Information
information, body of knowledge, (what is) known
information, info, content, facts, details, particulars, data
informative
Infrastructure
infrastructure, public works, park
ingrate, ungrateful wretch, 
ingratitude
ingredient
ingrown nail
inhabitant, resident
inhabitant, resident, dweller, roommate
Inherit
inherit, receive an inheritance, succeed to, 
inheritance, estate, legacy, 
inhibit, intimidate, make you feel uncomfortable, 
inhibiting, intimidating, uncomfortable, 
inhospitable
initiate (n), 
initiate (v), 
Initiation
initiation, bar mitzvah, 
initiator, founder, originator, starter
inject, 
Injure
injure, damage, hurt, impair, 
injure, harm, hurt, wound, abuse, violate, electrocute, electrocution, mistreat, mistreatment, inflict injury, 
injured, harmed, wounded, 
injured, hurt, impaired, damaged, 
injury, accident, bruise, cut, impairment, wound, slash, puncture, stab, sprain, tear/pull a muscle, shock, concussion, bump, break a bone, fracture, dislocate a bone, dislocation, sprain, put out an eye, nose bleed, scar, sting, bite, sore, blister, contusion, frostbite, heatstroke, sunstroke, sunburn, burn, welt, drug overdose, 
Inner part
innocence
innocent man, innocent party, free man
innumerable, unnumbered, uncountable, uncounted, countless, 
inoffensive, harmless, innocuous, 
inquisitive, curious
insane asylum, 
Insect
insect, bug
insecure, unsure of yourself
insensitive
Inside
inside (adj), interior, inner, 
inside (n), interior, innards, lining, framework, 
inside, indoors, indoor, interior
inside, interior, outside, exterior, 
Insist
insist, be insistent, at someone's insistence, put your foot down, demand, be adamant, won't take no for an answer, won't hear of, maintain, be resolute
insistent, importunate, resolute
inspire, inspiration, revelation
inspire, motivate, fire up, enthuse
inspired, holy, scriptural, biblical, sacred, prophetic, apostolic
instant, second, minute, hour, hourly, day, week, fortnight, month, season, year, decade, century, turn of the century, lifetime, millennium
Instead
instead, in someone's place, for, on someone's behalf, 
instead, rather than, in place of, in preference to, in favor of, in lieu, 
Instinct
instinct, instinctive
instinct, instinctive, intuition, intuitive, sixth sense, gut feeling, just seem to know
instructed, learned, well-taught, 
Instrument
instrumentalist, player, pianist, violinist, drummer, trumpeter, flutist
Insult
insult (v), insult (n), offend, offense, rebuke, criticize, curse, speak evil of
Insurance
insure, insurance, premium
integration, segregation, multiracial, interracial, cosmopolitan, multicultural, mixed, 
integrity, 
intellectual, academic, learned, brains, intelligentsia
Intelligent
intelligent, brainy, bright, brilliant, capable, clever, crafty, discerning, educated, ingenious, insightful, keen, knowledgeable, learned, literate, perceptive, philosophical, profound, rational, scholarly, sharp, shrewd, sly, smart, sophisticated, sound, wily, have a lot of sense, have a high IQ, 
Intend
intend, aim, expect, mean to do something, plan, purpose, resolve, be set on, 
intense, intensely, extensively 
intent, intention, impulse, aim, purpose, resolution
intentional, intentionally, on purpose, because I wanted to
inter-racial marriage, miscegenation, 
Intercede
intercede, intercession, intercessory, intervene on behalf of, interpose, mediate
intercessor, go-between, intermediary, mediator, peacemaker
interconnected, interrelated, 
interest, curio, attraction, entertainment, 
interest, curiosity, 
interest, get someone interested, entertain, stimulate, stir, appeal to, attract someone's interest, attract someone's attention, interestingly, hold your attention, rekindle interest, revive interest, 
Interested
interested, curious, 
interesting, be of interest, entertaining, lively, stimulating, stimulation, unusual, have character, 
interesting, colorful, a character, entertainer, 
interesting, eventful, colorful, never a dull moment, 
Interjections
intermarry, 
intermittent, gusty, blustery
intermittently, intermittent, on and off, off and on, in fits and starts, sporadic, 
Internal organs
Internal Revenue Service
international
interpret dreams, read palms, read tea leaves, read cards, read the stars, consult your horoscope, look into a crystal ball, play with a Ouija board, examine the entrails of an animal
interpret, understand, translate
interpretation, exegesis
Interpreting messages
Interrogative 
Interrupt
interrupt, break in, stop, butt in, interruption, intermission, interlude
interrupt, talk at the same time
Interval
Interval, space
interval, space things out
intestine, intestinal tract, gut, bowel, small intestine, large intestine, colon, transverse colon, rectum, anus
intimate, intimacy, close, deep, long-standing, old friend, improper
intimidation, 
intolerable, 
Introduce
introduce, bring in, phase in, 
introduce, lead into, bring up, raise, broach a subject, 
introduction, body of a speech, point, make a point, conclusion, concluding remarks, 
introduction, lead-in, introductory
introvert, extrovert, outgoing, shy, quiet, sociable, talkative, vivacious, intense, easy-going, down-to-earth, homespun, melancholic, phlegmatic, choleric, sanguine, logical, emotional, unemotional, impulsive, cool-headed, even keeled, flamboyant
invaluable, indispensable, 
Investigate a crime
investigate, look into, inquire, hold an inquiry, conduct an inquiry, make inquiries, go into, probe, delve into, be under investigation, examine, obtain evidence, 
investigation, inquiry, inquest, inquiries, probe, inquisition, post-mortem, autopsy, 
investigator, private investigator, detective, private detective, inquisitor, private eye
invisible, lose sight of, unseen, invisibility, imperceptible, indiscernible, 
invitation, 
Invite
invite, extend an invitation, invite over, ask someone to something, assemble, bring together, call up, call together, call a meeting, collect, convene, gather, mobilize, muster, rally, request someone's presence, round up, summon, bid someone come
invited guest, 
irregular, jagged, 
irregular, without warning
irrelevant, be beside the point, have nothing to do with, be nothing to do with, be neither here nor there, doesn't come into it, be a red herring, 
Irreligion
Irrigate
irrigate, irrigation, irrigation canal, to water
irritable, crotchety, petulant, fractious, 
irritating, itchy, prickly, scratchy, ticklish, tingly, 
is
is, 
is, equals, get, 
is, measure (v), long, in length, how long, be (two inches) (too) long, 
is, measure (v), weigh, how big, of
is, weigh, how heavy, weigh in at, 
Islam
Islam, Islamic, Muslim, Allah, Mohammed, the Prophet, Koran, Kaaba, mosque, sharia, Ramadan, hajj
island, isle, islet, archipelago, atoll, key
Island, shore
isolate, set self apart, remove, disengage, estrange, reserve, withdraw, quit, resign
issue an order, publish a law, proclaim, proclamation
issue, edition
it's a pity, it's a shame, too bad, unfortunately, sadly, regrettably, it's unfortunate, it's sad, more's the pity, unhappily, I'm sorry, sorry to hear, sorry (that), wish that ... not (something hadn't happened), tragically, feel sorry for someone
It <just> happened.
It all <depends>.;  This <is dependent on> that.;  It all <hangs on> whether we finish on time.;  Prosperity <is tied to> government regulations.
It is <unreasonable> to assume that anything will come of this.;  What you are saying is <ridiculous>.
It is far from here to there, about a day's journey.
It is now five <o'clock>.;  It is five <a.m.>;  It is five <p.m.>;  It is noon <time>.;  ten minutes <after> five.;  <half> <past> five.;  a <quarter> <to> five.;  at ten <of> six.;  a <quarter> <of> an hour.;  in <half> an hour.;  ten minutes <past> <the hour>.
it is rumored that..., 
It rained <during> the night.
it seems, it appears, it looks as if, apparently, to all appearances, by all appearances, seemingly, on the face of it, on the surface, outwardly, 
It weighs <about> four kilos.;  John walks <approximately> two miles a day.
itch, have an itch, scratch, be irritated
jabber, babble
janitor
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December
Jealous
jealous, possessive, envious, green with envy, covetous, jaundiced, resentful, bitter, 
jealousy, envy (n), covetousness, resentment, sour grapes, 
jerk
jerk, twitch, 
jerk, twitch, start, spasm, jump, snap, nip in, shoot, spurt, dash
jerk, yank, tug
Jewel
jewel, precious stone, birthstone, crystal, gem, gemstone
Jewelry
jewelry, accessory, ornament
Job satisfaction
job satisfaction, rewarding, fulfilling, satisfying, profitable, like your job, challenging
job, employment
John's house is made of bricks.
John <allowed> us to use his shovel.
John <became> president last year.;  The sky <turned> red as the sun set.;  After a long illness, John finally <got> better.
John <can> drive a car.;  John <knows how> to drive a car.
John <has> a house.;  John <owns> a house.;  That house <belongs to> John.
John <has> the money to buy a bicycle.
John <is at> home.;  John <is> here.;  The books <are> in the box.;  The office <is located> in the next building.;  The <location> of the library <is> in the Academic Building.;  Here <is> John.;  There <are> the potatoes.;  the steps <at> the door
John <is from> New York.;  I<'m from> California.;  <from> the tribe of;  <from> America
John <is> our new leader.;  This <is> a pine tree.
John <is> strong enough to walk now.
John <managed> to bake bread.;  John <succeeded> in earning enough money to buy a bicycle.
John <tried> to bake bread.
John and David went to town <separately>.
John and David went to town <together>.;  We all went <together>.
John ate lunch <at> a restaurant.
John begins at <exactly> 6 a.m.
John bought Mary some medicine.
John built a house <for> his parents.
John built his house <out of> cement blocks.;  This picture was done <with> oil paints.
John Doe, Jane Doe, Joe Blow, GI Joe 
John drank coffee <with> milk.;  John sent flowers to Mary <along with> a birthday card.;  He paid back my money <with> interest.
John gave a ring <to> Mary.
John gave Mary a ring.
John held our coats <for> us.;  John manages the business <for> us.;  John invited some older couples to join them <for> his parent's <sake>.;  <For the sake of> his parents John invited some older couples to join them.;  <For the benefit of> the children we included a trip to the zoo.;  Because you are sick, Mary has offered to cook <for> you.
John hit <me>.
John hit the dog <with> a stick.;  John caught the rat <using> a trap he built.
John is <striving> to earn enough money to buy a bicycle.
John is the <owner> of the house.
John recovered the use of his leg <in> stages.
John took a bath <before> eating dinner.
John took a bath, <and> ate a big dinner.;  John took a bath, <and then> ate a big dinner.;  <Having> tak<en> a bath, John ate a big dinner.;  <After> taking a bath, John ate a big dinner.
John travels to work <by> bus.;  He intends to get there <by means of> his wits.
John was <with> me at supper last night.;  John was there <along with> David.
John was talking <about> the new seed he bought.;  I read <about> John in the newspaper.;  a book <about> the President;  the book <on> the President;  the picture <of> the President;  an experiment <concerning> growing rice;  a course <in> history
John was working <with> David in the field.
John waters his cows <every> evening.
John went <as> David's <representative>.;  John spoke <on> David's <behalf>.;  John spoke <on behalf of> David.;  John spoke <for> David.
John went out to the garden, carry<ing> his hoe and shovel.;  Mary bought food, <while> John got gas for the car.
John went to town <with> David.;  We will go <with> you.;  We wanted to go to town and John decided to go <along>.
John, David, Mary, Elizabeth
join (n), joint, junction, connection, contact point, intersection, seam, 
join a group, affiliate, associate, enlist, enroll, enter, sign up
Join an organization
join with, hesitate to join, stand apart, stand aloof
Join, attach
join, join together, agglutinate, assemble, bolt, cement, chain, clip, combine, connect, couple, crimp, fasten, fetter, fuse, glue, grapple, handcuff, hitch, hook together, knit, latch, link, manacle, merge, paste, pin, plaster, put together, put up, rivet, secure, sew, shackle, solder, staple, stick, stick together, tape (up), unite, unify, weld, 
join, meet, converge, merge, 
joined, affixed, anchored, assembled, attached, bolted, cemented, chained, connected, fastened, fixed to, fused, glued, handcuffed, manacled, nailed, pasted, pinned, plastered, riveted, sewn, shackled, stapled, stick, stuck, taped, united, unified, welded
joining, attachment, bonding, combination, fusion, unification, union, welding, 
joint, 
joint,  
joint, connection, junction, intersection, 
joint, knuckle (of finger), elbow, knee, hip, coronal suture, 
joke, play a joke on, prank, play a prank on, farce, clowning, fooling around, tomfoolery, buffoonery, horseplay, monkey business
joke, pun, play on words, word play, riddle, jest, gag, wisecrack, witticism, pleasantry, banter, badinage, retort, repartee, riposte, ridicule, quip, one-liner, flash of wit, comeback, gag, crack
Judaism
Judaism, Jew, Jewish, Israel, Torah, Mishna, rabbi, synagogue, kosher, Passover, Hanukkah, Messiah, Mosaic Law
judge, court clerk, court recorder, bailiff
Judge, render a verdict
judging by, judging from, going by, from, from the way, you'd think, anyone would think, 
judgment, verdict, ruling
judgment, verdict, sentence, conviction, condemnation
Jump
jump over, leap over, vault over, hurdle, clear, leapfrog
jump up/down/off of/onto/out of the way, bound, spring, pounce, dive, jump overboard, somersault
jump, jump up and down, bounce, leap, buck, bob, jump for joy
junior, low-ranking, 
junk, garbage,  
jury bench, witness stand, witness box, judge's bench, lawyers table, bar, dock
just before dawn, hours before dawn, predawn hours, it gets light, foredawn, 
just, almost didn't, nearly didn't, only just, narrowly, barely, 
Just, almost not
just, only just, a moment ago, a minute ago, just this minute, barely, scarcely, hardly, 
just, only just, barely 
just, only just, barely, be a near thing, be a close thing, by the skin of your teeth
just, you know, OK, yeah, like 
Justice
justice, fairness
keen, avid, great, 
keep (someone) awake
keep alive, life support, preserve, sustain, subsist on, 
keep house, housework, housekeeping
keep silent, keep quiet, say nothing, zip your lip, shut up, refrain from talking
keep someone waiting, make someone wait, delay
Keep something
keep the peace, peace-keeping, mediate between, 
keep the peace, peacekeeping force
keep up, keep pace, stay up with, 
keep your cool, keep your head, keep a stiff upper lip, maintain your composure, imperturbable, untroubled, 
keep your temper, calm and collected, composed, composure, forbearing, unexcitable, long-suffering, poised, reserved, staid, steady, unexcited, 
keep your word, keep your promise
keep, fulfill, make good, 
keep, save, hold on to, retain, keep possession of
Kick
kick, give something a kick, kick in (a door), boot, punt, stamp, stomp on, stub your toe on something
kick, stamp, bend, shake, twist (ankle), cross (your legs), wiggle (toes)
kick, turn, drop, 
kid
Kidnap
kidnap, abduct, kidnap, nab, shanghai, snatch, 
kidnapper, abductor, snatcher
kidnapping, abduction, 
kidney stone, pass (a kidney stone)
kidney, bladder, urethra, ureter, urinary, nephritic, renal, 
Kill
kill yourself, commit suicide, take your own life, end it all, suicide, suicidal, be a suicide, do away with yourself, 
kill, butcher, slaughter, destroy, put down, put away, put something out of its misery, 
kill, kill off, cause death, be a killer, destroy, decimate, wipe out, 
kill, murder, assassinate, bump off, do away with, finish someone off, take someone's life, dispatch, dispose, finish, eliminate, liquidate, commit murder, waste, zap, slay, snuff, send to Davy Jones locker, lynch, silence, terminate, 
killed in action, casualty, casualty of war, civilian casualty, collateral damage, 
kind (of), type (of), member (of), example (of), sort (of), such
kind of like, vaguely resemble
kindling, tinder, punk
kindness, benefit (n), blessing, courtesy, charity, 
King's family
King's Highway, Highway 66, Main Street, Piccadilly Square, Oregon Trail 
kinky, curl, curly, wavy, straight, coarse, fine, thick, thin, 
Kinship
kinship, relationship, close relation, 
kit, tool kit
kitchen, cookhouse, bakery, butchery, food processing plant, restaurant
kitten
knee-deep, waist-deep, over your head, out of your depth, 
Kneel
kneel, kneel down, get down on your knees, bend the knee, go down on one knee, sink to your knees
knick-knack, flimflam 
knife, ax
knife, clamp, forceps, incubator, 
knife, paring knife, bread knife, butcher knife, cleaver, grater, cutting board, chopping block
knife, paring knife, butcher knife, jackknife, pocketknife, hunting knife, ax, hatchet, saw, blade, razor blade, scissors, wire-cutters
knit, crochet, needlepoint, embroidery
knitted, 
Knitting
knitting, knitwear, 
knock down, push over, trip, knock someone to the ground, bring down, 
knock down, topple
knock on wood, touch wood, keep your fingers crossed, 
knock out, put out, put under (anesthesia), stupefy, 
Knock over
knock over, tip over, spill, dump
knock over, upset, tip over, overturn, 
knock, ring (the doorbell), answer (the door)
knocking, rap, clatter, patter, rattle, tap, beat, cadence, drum, rhythmic, 
knot, braid, lashing, hitch, square knot, slip knot, two half hitches
Know
know how to
know someone
Know someone
know someone's name, know of someone, have heard the name, have heard of someone, have heard about someone
know someone by sight, be acquainted with, be acquaintances, don't know well, we've met, 
know, understand, have information
knowable
knowledge
knowledgeable, know (something) thoroughly, know well, know all about, familiar with
known, noted, familiar, obvious
Known, unknown
knuckle, fingertip, fingerprint, 
kosher
labor
Labor and birth pains
labor pains, birth pain, birth pangs, throe, 
labor union, farmers cooperative, collective bargaining, labor relations
labor, birth, first breath, tie the umbilical cord, cut the umbilical cord, 
Lack
lack (n), want (n), deficiency, scarcity, shortage, 
lack of appetite, no appetite, not hungry
Lack respect
lack respect, show disrespect, disrespectful, dishonor, despise
Lack self-control
lack self-control, indulge, overdo, permit, do something to excess, lose control, get carried away, break down, give in to, 
lack, suffer lack, be lacking in, have insufficient, be insufficient, don't have enough, ill-furnished, ill-provided, deficient, 
ladder, stepladder, rope ladder, rung, step, 
lag behind, fall behind, straggle, 
laity, layperson, flock
Lake Superior, Lake Michigan 
lamb
lame, disabled
lamp stand, oil, wick, 
lamp, lantern, candle, lamp stand, light fixture
lampstand, stand, wick, chimney, bulb, light bulb, lamp shade, switch, filament, socket, 
Land
land (and sea), dry land, mainland, continent, inland, interior
land (and sea), dry land, mainland, continent, inland, interior, terrestrial
Land preparation
land use
land, hit, fall, 
land, make land, landfall
Land, property
land, property, piece of property, plot, section, estate, site, building site
land, reenter, reentry
landowner, landlord, owner
landslide, avalanche
Language
Language and thought
language, tongue, speech, lingo
lanky, spindly, rangy, 
lap, 
large, big, high, sizable, considerable, substantial, significant, generous, handsome, hefty, 
large, great, major, considerable, large scale, huge, enormous, immense, tremendous, high, advanced, rich, 
Lassie, Fifi, Toto 
Last
last (adj), final, closing, concluding, 
last (adv), at the end, 
last (week), latest
last night, 
last thing at night, in the middle of the night, the early hours, till all hours, 
lastly, finally, last but not least, 
Late
late (adj), overdue, belated, 
late (adv), not on time, lateness (of the hour), late in life, 
late at night, the early hours of the morning (2-4), the small hours, the wee hours of the morning, the first watch, the second watch
later, it can wait, it will wait, 
latest, up-to-date, up-to-the-minute, 
Laugh
laugh aloud, laugh out loud, chortle, heehaw, guffaw, cackle, yuck it up, squeal with laughter, canned laughter
laugh at, mock, titter, snicker, snigger
laugh silently, chuckle, giggle, ripple of laughter, titter, twitter, 
laugh, laughter, laugh at (something), have a laugh
laughable, amusing, comic, comical, absurd, facetious, humor, humorous, sense of humor
laughingstock, fool, target, butt, buffoon, fall guy
launch an attack, mount an attack, start a fight, pick a fight, be spoiling for a fight, looking for a fight, challenge (someone to fight), 
laundry soap, detergent, washing machine, drier, washtub, washbasin, sink, basin, washboard, clothesline, clothespin, bucket, hanger, scrubbing stone
laundry, dirty laundry, dirty clothes, wash (n)
lava, molten lava, volcanic ash, cloud of ash, ash flow, pyroclastic flow, volcanic cinder, volcanic glass (obsidian), pumice, thunder egg
law
Law
law-abiding citizen
law breaker, criminal, rebel
law enforcement, police, policeman, enforce
law, act of law, appointment, bill, command, commandment, constraint, decree, dogma, edict, judgment, legislation, ordinance, prescription, principle, regulation, requirement, rule, ruling, religious law, rubric, standard, statute
Laws
laws, canon, code of laws, legal code
lawyer, advocate, barrister, bar
lawyer, counsel, legal counsel, counselor-at-law, attorney, attorney-at-law, legal adviser, advocate, barrister, solicitor
lay a trap, set a snare, dig a pit
lay someone (down/somewhere)
lay something flat, lay something down, align
lay, sit on, incubate, roust, turn, fertilize
layer, level, stratum, stratified, story, floor, sandwich
Lazy
leach
Lead
lead a rebellion, organize a rebellion, 
lead, direct, control, guide
lead, guide
lead, herd
leader of a rebellion, rebel leader, revolutionary leader
leader, 
leader, van, vanguard, 
leadership, charisma, stewardship, guidance, chieftainship
leaf, leafy, pine needle, fern, foliage, palm frond, stem, blade, vein
leafy vegetable, salad, lettuce, cabbage, spinach, pumpkin leaves, cowpea leaves
league, 
league, conference, association
league, conference, association, National Basketball Association
leak, leaky pipe, dripping faucet
Lean
lean something against, incline, prop against
lean, angle, tilt, slant, incline
lean, lean on, lean against, lean back, rest against, recline
lean, wiry, 
leaning, at an angle, out of plumb, angled, on a slant, aslant, slanted, inclined, oblique, tilted, crooked, list, askew, out of kilter
leaning, lean forward, lean towards, lean over
Leaning, sloping
leap, surge, explosion, boom, jump, 
Learn
learn, acquaint, acquire, ascertain, conclude, dawn on, deduce, determine, discover, examine, experience, figure out, find, get (the answer), glean, grasp (mentally), gain (knowledge/understanding), look something up, master, obtain, perceive, pick someone's brain, pick up (a subject), question (v), realize, recognize, reflect, study, get an education, 
learning, answer, solution, information, conclusion, discovery, discipline, education, initiation, instruction, training, 
Leave
leave (your spouse), walk out on, leave (your spouse) for another man/woman, 
Leave an organization
leave behind, leave in the dust
Leave it. Leave it where it is. Leave it behind. Leave it here. Don't move it. Forget it.
Leave something
leave the ground, take off, lift off, blast-off, launch, 
leave the lights on, 
leave undone, incomplete, unfinished
leave, be left with, 
leave, bequeath, will (v), hand down, 
leave, depart, departure, go away, withdraw, take your leave, scram, skedaddle, beat it, set out, hit the road, quit (a place), absent yourself, slip away, vacate, make yourself scarce, 
leave, excuse oneself
leave, graduate, drop out, dropout
leave, leave (somewhere) never to return, 
leave, leave behind, abandon, forget, forsake, maroon, 
leave, move out, leave home, run away, vacate
leave, walk out, desert, break up
leaven
Leaven
leaven, yeast, baking powder (sodium bicarbonate), rising agent
leer, ogle, make eyes at, goggle, peep, admire, 
left
left-handed
left, remain, be left over, survive, be still standing, to spare, to go, in hand, 
Leg
leg
Legal contract
Legal personnel
legal personnel, arbitrator, scribe
legal process, due process of law, lawsuit, jurisdiction, take legal action, jurisprudence, 
legislate, enact, enactment, establish, pass, prescribe, propose, sign into law, ratify
legislator, congressman, senator, member of parliament (MP), lawgiver, 
legislature, legislative branch
legume, bean, pea, soybean, wheat, rice
Lend
lend, loan, invest
length, distance, how long, span, 
lengthened, elongated, extended, stretched, outstretched, 
lens, body, shutter, filter, film, film canister, tripod, flash
lens, eyepiece, optical instrument, prism, sight, gun sight, bomb sight, scope, viewer
leper
leprosy, chickenpox, smallpox, measles, German measles, scabies, ringworm, (itching of foot due to worms), dermatitis, eczema, fungus, shingles, 
Less
less than, lower, 
less than, under, below, lower, within, minus, 
less, fewer, not as much, not so much, not as many, not so many, lower, to a lesser degree, to a lesser extent, be in the minority, fewer and fewer, less and less, not more than, at the most, 
less, not as, not so
less, not as, not so, 
lessen, subside, wane, ebb, recede, 
Let's say grace. Let's thank the Lord for the food. Let's eat. Dig in.
let me just insert, as an aside, this is off the subject, oh by the way 
let, allow, not stand in someone's way, unchecked, 
lethargic, sluggish, languid, 
Letter
letter, consonant, vowel, syllable 
letter, note, memo, correspondence, epistle, 
level (adj), even (adj), flat
lever, fulcrum, elevator, lift, jack, hoist, crane, 
lever, pulley, block and tackle
levirate marriage
liar
liberated, be free, unfettered, unbound, unchained, unleashed, pardoned, release (n), released, reprieve, parole, unrestrained, licensed, authorized, unconfined
library, bookcase, file cabinet, archive
lichen
lick
lick your lips, smack your lips, kiss, purse your lips, 
lick, lick your lips, stick your tongue out, click your tongue, bite your tongue, 
lid, lip, neck
Lie down
lie fallow, animals graze, plow under plants
lie on your back/front/side, stretched out, spread-eagled, sprawled, flat out, reclining
lie, be lying down, lay, be prone, recumbent, repose
lie, falsehood, fib, white lie, half-truth, perjury, propaganda
lie, lie down, lie back, recline, stretch out, sprawl, prostrate
lie, tell a lie, pervert truth, deceive, tell tales, perjure, make up
Life
Life after death
life after death, afterlife, immortality, the life beyond, life beyond the grave, 
life, life cycle, cycle of life
life, lifetime, days, lifespan, life expectancy, 
life, routine, homemaking, 
Lift
lift off, lift-off, blast off, launch, launch pad, countdown, mission control
lift, lift up, raise, put up, hoist, pull up, elevate, erect, uplift, heighten, jack up, pick up, levitate, 
Lifting tool
Light
light-fingered, thieving, 
light (adj), pale, pastel, faint, livid, lurid, pallid, pallor, pale-faced, neutral tint, 
light (v), light up, illuminate, 
Light a fire
light a fire, build a fire, make a fire, start a fire, ignite, light a match, set on fire, set fire to something, blow into flames, kindle, 
light as a feather, weightless, 
light hit, tap, knock
Light in weight
light producing, shining, 
light sleep, doze, half asleep
Light source
light wind, gentle wind, draft, draught, breeze, breezy, zephyr
light, lamp, candle, arc light, beacon, chandelier, electric light, fire, fixture, flare, flashlight, flash (camera), floodlight, fluorescent light, globe, headlight, incandescent light, lamp-post, lantern, lighthouse, lighting, light source, luminary, night-light, paraffin lamp, searchlight, spotlight, street light, strobe, sunlamp, taillight, taper, torch, 
light, light, lightness, airy, buoyant, ethereal, lightweight, porous, spongy, underweight, 
light, sunshine, gleam (n), glare (n), glow (n), radiance, 
lightened, 
lighter, lightest, 
lightning rod
lightning, lightning bolt, thunderbolt, lightning storm
Lightning, thunder
likable, lovable, lovely, tasteful, admirable, delightful, charming, endearing, engaging, pleasing, pleasurable, enjoyable, nice, likes and dislikes, love of your life, passion
like-minded, be on the same wavelength, be in tune with, be in harmony, 
like, be fond of, be attached to, have a soft spot for, see something in someone, a man/woman after your own heart
like, enjoy, love, be fond of, get a lot of pleasure out of, savor, with relish, exhilarate, 
like, have a liking for, adore, enjoy, be fond of, proud of someone, fancy something, have a fancy for, take a fancy to, care for, have affection for, admire, look up to, think highly of, approve, pleased, admire, appeals to you, be to your liking, go down well, savor (v), luxuriate, be happy with, feel good toward, feel good about, 
Like, love
Like, similar
like, similar, alike, much the same, comparable, parallel, 
likelihood, probability, prospect, chances, odds
likewise, 
liking, admiration, adoration, affection, approval, enjoyment, fondness for, pleasure, pride, affinity, 
Limb
limb, extremity, arms and legs
Limit
limit, boundary, extent, (furthest) reach, barrier, restriction
limit, impose a limit, restrict
Limitation of topic
limp, hobble, shamble, shuffle, walk haltingly, walk with a cane, use crutches, get around
Line
line of thought, line of thinking, train of thought, reasoning, 
line up, queue, stand in line, cut in line
line, band, row
line, out of bounds, 
line, stanza, verse
line, wrinkle, fold, crease, 
lined, striped, streaked, checkered, plaid, tartan, checked, marbled, banded, barred, cross-striped, damask, 
linguistics, linguistic, metalanguage, vocabulary, dictionary, grammar, syntax, morphology, phonology, phonetics, sounds, semantics, meaning, pragmatics, rhetoric, pronunciation
Link, connect
link, connect,
link, connection, coupling, hookup, network, passageway, 
link, link up, connect, join, network, 
lip-read, lip-reading, 
lip, tongue, tooth, gum, uvula, palate, alveolar ridge, mouth cavity, roof, velum, throat, 
lipstick, cream, powder, blusher, eyeliner, eyeshadow, foundation, mascara, rouge, nail polish, moisturizer, eye pencil, lotion, ointment, 
Liquid
liquid (adj), molten
liquid (state), juicy, wet
liquid fuel, gasoline (petrol), gas, kerosene (paraffin), diesel, candle wax, oil (lamp)
liquid, fluid, moisture
List
list (v), make a list, compile a list, catalog (v)
list, checklist, inventory, catalog
list, reel off
Listen
listen in, eavesdrop, bug, tap, monitor, 
listen, listen to, listen for, hear someone out, lend an ear, tune in, audit, give an ear to, heed, pay attention to, prick up your ears, be all ears, attend to, get an earful, hearken, 
Listen. Listen up. Hear me. Your attention please. Pay attention. Lend an ear. Mark my words. Hark. 
listener, audience, eavesdropper, auditor
literate, illiterate
litter, trash, garbage
litterbug, 
little-known, secret, secrecy, obscure, private, mystery, mysterious
little chance, little hope, little prospect, have little chance, stand little chance, outside chance 
live forever, (have) eternal life, life everlasting, immortality, life after death, 
live with, cohabit, cohabitation, common-law marriage, 
Live, stay
live, stay, be at home, dwell, reside, inhabit
lively, vivacious, animated, be full of beans, bright and breezy, be a live wire, feel alive, 
liver disease, hepatitis, jaundice, cirrhosis, 
liver, hepatic, appendix, gall bladder, pancreas, pancreatic, spleen, lymphatic, lymph node, peritoneum, 
liverwort
livery, tartan, team colors, 
living thing, life form, organism, 
Living things
living things, life, all life, every living thing, everything that lives and breathes, plants and animals, organic matter
living, alive, animate (adj), 
living, alive, animate, organic
Lizard
lizard
load
load, burden, armful, 
Load, pile
loaf, goof off
loan, mortgage, debt
lob, throw up in the air, 
Location
location, position, place, venue, at, spot
lock
lock up, cage, confine, contain, corral, shut up, trap
log, stump, grass trimmings, compost, pile of leaves, straw, hay
logic, reasoning
Logical
logical, sound, rational, reasonable, well thought out, well-founded, make sense, hang together, coherent, add up
London, Washington D.C.
loneliness, homesickness, 
Lonely
lonely, lonesome
lonely, lonesome, homesick, 
Long
long-necked, short-necked, long-winged, zygodactyl 
long (conversation, talk), brief (conversation)
long distance, long haul, long range, a fur piece
long winded
long, clean, dirty, dirt under the nails, chipped, curved
long, huge, vast, 
long, lengthy, extensive, 
longer, longest, 
Look
look-alike, double, 
look (good/bad), be (dark/young) in appearance, (good/bad) looking, 
look after, mind (a child), keep an eye on, baby-sit, sit, take care of, childcare, 
look away, avert your eyes
look cross-eyed, roll, flicker, raise, lower, glaze, 
look down on, look down your nose at, be beneath you, think you're too good for, 
look for a job, find a job, find employment, job hunting
look forward to, expectant, (I) can't wait, patient, impatient
look like, have the look of, have the appearance of, resemble, 
look like, resemble, the image of, 
look, look at, view, observe, eye (v), cast an eye on, watch, take a look at, have a look at, 
looks down on
looks, sex appeal, beauty, attraction, appeal, the lure of, charm, attractiveness, prettiness, sensuality, 
loom, 
Loose
loose, loosely, slack, give it some slack, 
loose, too big
loose, vague, hazy, impressionistic, broad, 
loosen
loot, the goods, stolen goods, haul, hot items, tainted money
loquacious, verbose, wordy, run on, longwinded, compendious, interminable, 
lose (someone), loss, bereaved, be widowed, be orphaned, 
lose (wealth), lose your business, lose your shirt, loss, suffer loss, fail to make a profit, go bankrupt, fall behind, fall into debt, be unprofitable
Lose a fight
lose a fight, lose a war, be defeated, suffer defeat, be beaten, meet your match, get the worst of it, come off the worst, take a beating, go down, fall, fall victim to, 
lose a tooth, knock out, missing, 
Lose consciousness
lose consciousness, go unconscious, faint, pass out, swoon, be knocked out, go into a coma, collapse, 
lose interest, 
lose its smell, 
lose the baby, miscarry, have a miscarriage, stillborn, stillbirth
lose touch, lose contact, 
Lose wealth
lose weight, slim, shed (ten) pounds, waste away, get thin, 
lose weight, work something off, work off some of this weight, 
lose your balance, totter, 
lose your nerve, get cold feet, not dare, chicken out, not have the guts, not have the nerve, 
lose your sight, go blind, struck blind, 
lose your virginity, become sexually active, have sex for the first time
Lose your way
lose, loss, misplace
Lose, misplace
loser, losing side, defeated army
Loud
loud, raucous, 
loud, roaring, blaring, thunderous, 
Love
love (n), adoration, affection, compassion, concern, devotion, fondness, goodwill, attachment, kindness, solicitude, sympathy, 
love (v), like, attached, care about, cherish, be close, feel friendly toward, favor, hold in favor, feel favorable toward, be fond of, wish someone well, hope things turn out well for someone, be partial to, be enshrined in your heart, 
love, adore, delight, enthusiastic about, enthusiasm for, be mad about, be crazy about, be attached to, have a passion for
love, be in love, 
love, dear, honey, darling, dearest, sweetheart, 
love, passion, romance, 
loved ones, darling, pet, the one you love, 
lover, well-wishers, 
lovers, 
lovers, the one you love, the love of your life, 
loving, affectionate, caring, compassionate, concerned, devoted, doting, fond, solicitous, sympathetic, tender, tender-hearted, warm, warmhearted, 
Low
low-lying, depressed, depression, 
low in, 
Low status
low status, low estate
low, 
low, deep, bass, rich, resonant, 
low, rumble
Lower something
lower, 
lower, lower away, move (something) down, drop it down a peg
lower, lowest, 
lowered, 
lubricate, lubrication, lube, oil (v), anoint, rub, salve, slick, smear, grease (v)
luck, a run of good luck, 
luckily, fortunately, happily, 
Lucky
lucky (charm/number/day), 
lucky, fortunate, be in luck, have the good fortune to do something, fall on your feet, be in the right place at the right time, luck out, 
lucky, fortunate, miraculous, a good thing, a good job, stroke of luck, fluke, 
lucky, fortunate, some people have all the luck, lead a charmed life, not know you're born, it's all right for some, 
lug, haul, cart
lullaby, hymn, psalm, carol, national anthem, lament, ballad, funeral dirge
lumber, wood, grain, beam, board, plank, plywood, shavings, splinter, pole, post, rod
Lumbering
lumbering, forestry, lumber industry
lumberjack, woodcutter
luminous, fluorescent, glow in the dark, glimmer, 
lumpy, smooth
lunar sea, crater, 
lung, pulmonary system, lobe, sack, diaphragm, respiratory system, 
lush, dense, thick, overgrown, 
Lust
machete, sickle, scythe, lawnmower, grass clippers
Machine
machine, machinery, hardware, computer
machine, mechanics, machinery, apparatus, engine, motor
madam, ma'am, Miss, Mrs., Ms., lady, Lady, 
made-up, 
Made by hand
made by hand, craft, crafted, craftsman, craftsmanship
Made of, material
made, cause
madman, crazy man, hypochondriac, idiot, lunatic, maniac, possessed man, psychopath, schizophrenic, retard, 
magnet, magnetic, magnetism, lodestone
maid, butler, valet, domestic servant, house help, household staff
maid, maiden, maidenhood, maidenly, old maid, spinster, spinsterhood, virgin, 
mail (n), post, 
mail, post, post office, stamp, postman, postal
main dish, side dish, meat dish, casserole, vegetable, staple, bread, soup, salad, fruit, condiment, dessert, candy, cookie, sweets, savories, snack
maintain, maintenance
Make
make a face, get an expression on your face, have an expression on your face, give someone (an expression)
make a hole, make an opening, pierce, put a hole in, bore, drill, stab, broach
make a mess, mess something up, clutter, ransack, leave something lying about, 
make a mistake, make an error, mistake something, go wrong, get something wrong, blunder, goof, goof up, slip up, misjudge, bungle, 
make a profit, profitable, make a killing, take in, gain
make a scene, huff, have a tantrum, throw a tantrum, outburst, shake your fist, stamp your foot, let off steam, rant, rave, scowl, pout, 
make a sound, make noise, emit, go (bang/boom), go off, sound (v), let out, articulate, articulation, 
make a speech, give a speech, preach, sermonize, teach, lecture (v), give a talk on, address (v), orate, public speaking
make a will, draw up a will, plan your estate, estate planning, testate, intestate, 
make amends, make up for, set things right, make restitution, pay back what was taken, return stolen goods
make amends, reconcile, ameliorate, restore, make up, make peace, pacify
Make an appeal
make an appeal, appeal to, entreat
make an appointment, arrange a visit
make defense, defend, uphold, protect, fortify, excuse, apologize, plead, make a case for, represent, advocate, argue a case, prove, offer proof
make good money, be highly paid, be well paid, make a fortune, rake it in, 
Make hole, opening
make it necessary, necessitate, call for, entail, take, need, require, 
make it to safety, get to safety, avoid, break, bypass, dodge, duck, elude, escape, evade, evasion, flee, shake, shy away from, sidestep, give someone the slip, 
make level, level (v), 
make out, distinguish, 
Make peace
Make profit
make room, clear a space, make way, get out of the way, 
make someone cry, reduce someone to tears, bring tears to someone's eyes, tearful, tearjerker, 
make someone happy, cheer someone up, comfort, console, delight, gladden, please, satisfy, put someone in a good mood, make someone's day, raise someone's spirits, lift someone's spirits
make someone jealous, arouse jealousy, 
make someone laugh, amuse, crack someone up, have someone in hysterics, have someone in stitches, tickle, ticklish
make someone nervous, fluster, unsettle, unnerve, psych out, put someone on edge, 
make someone sick, spread sickness, infect, be infectious, be contagious, communicable, 
make someone unsure, make someone uncertain, cause doubt, cause uncertainty, it makes you wonder, raise doubts 
make something impossible, rule out, preclude
make something lighter, lighten, 
make something longer, lengthen, extend, stretch, 
make something more interesting, liven up, jazz up, add variety, 
make something wider, widen, broaden, 
Make speech
make sure, make certain, insure, ensure, see that, see to it
make taboo, forbid, prohibit, ban
make the bed, make up the bed, pull up the covers, throw off the covers, arrange the covers, sleep, lie down
make the first move, take the initiative, 
make up, form, constitute, add up to,  
make up, get back together, 
make you feel, stimulate, stir, arouse, raise, touch, 
make yourself comfortable, settle down, snuggle
make, build, construct, create, fabricate, fashion, form, generate, manufacture, prepare, produce, shape, bring into being, 
makes, 
Male and female animals
Male organs
Male, female
male, female, bitch, tom, tomcat, bull, bullock, cow, heifer, ram, ewe, billy goat, nanny goat, boar, sow, stallion, mare, filly, stag, buck, hart, doe, vixen, lioness, tigress, bull elephant, rooster, cock, hen, drake, peacock, peahen
male, masculine, 
malevolent power, evil force, Satanic force, demonic power, black magic
malnutrition, kwashiorkor, anemia, dystrophy, deficiency, anorexia, 
Malnutrition, starvation
Mammal
mammal, mammalian, animal
Man
man-made, hand-made, manufactured, artificial, synthetic 
man in the moon, harvest moon
man of his word, 
man, guy, bloke, chap, fellow, gentleman, male, men folk, 
man, men, mankind, the human race, humanity, humankind, 
man, woman, boy, girl
Manage a house
Management
maniac, lunatic, nut, nutcase, loony, madman, madwoman, nutter, wacko, weirdo, 
manicure, clean, cut, clip, trim, shape, sharpen
Manner of eating
Manner of movement
manner, means, how, somehow, anyhow, every way, no way, each way, however
mannish, tomboy, tomboyish, 
manufacturing, operate
manure
Many animals <have> four feet.;  The story <is composed of> several episodes.;  This page <is part of> that document.;  the wheel <of> the car;  the boy<'s> foot
Many languages have general words that indicate some kind of change of state. These general words may be used with a wide variety of specific meanings. For instance in English the word 'become' may be used to a change in identity, a change in characteristic, a change in nature, and many other ideas.
Many languages have general words that indicate some kind of state. These general words may be used with a wide variety of specific meanings. For instance in English the word 'be' may be used to identify something, describe something, and many other ideas.
Many languages have several general words that are used to indicate a variety of relationships between two things. There are three such words in English:
many more, much more, far more, far beyond, way beyond, a lot more, 
Many things have parts. Use this domain for words referring to a part of something, and for words that express the idea that something has parts, that something is a part of something, or that link the whole with a part.
Many, much
Map
map, chart, atlas
march, parade, goose-step, in step
marijuana, bhang, LSD, heroin, opium
marine, oceanic, riverine
Mark
mark, stain
mark, stain, spot, smudge, fingerprint
Markers expecting a negative answer
Markers expecting an affirmative answer
Markers of direct address 
Markers of emphasis 
Markers of focus
Markers of identificational and explanatory clauses 
Markers of transition 
Marketing
marketing, advertisement, sales promotion, slogan, wholesale, retail, service, mercantile, commerce, salesmanship, merchandising
marketplace, market (n), stall, booth, store, salesroom
Marriage
marriageable age, coming out party, eligible, nubile, 
married, marital, matrimonial, conjugal, nuptial, connubial, 
married, marriage, matrimony, wedlock, hitched, bonds of marriage, married life, 
marrow
marry (the couple), perform the wedding, 
marry, marriage, get married, tie the knot, get hitched, join together, unite, wed, marry into, 
Marsupial
marsupial
martyr, murdered man/woman, victim, fatality, 
Mary <often> washes the dress.;  I have <frequently> lent John money.
Mary washed <and> ironed the dress.;  Mary washed the dress <and also> ironed it.;  Mary <and> Laura washed the dress.;  Mary washed the dress <and> Laura washed it <too>.;  Laura <also> washed the dress.;  Mary washed the dress <and> the shirt.
Mary washed the dress <over and over again>.
Mary washed the dress <three times>.;  I have lent John money <many times>.;  I have lent John money <twice>.
masculine, virile, manly, macho, he-man, 
mashed potatoes and gravy, pasta, cooked rice, stuffing, oatmeal, porridge, cereal, mush
masochist, martyr, be a glutton for punishment, 
mason, bricklayer
masonry, sculpture, carve
Mass communication
mass, giant, 
massacre (n), slaughter, carnage, genocide, mass murder, ethnic cleansing, annihilation, blood-bath, extermination, holocaust, pogrom, 
massacre, slaughter, exterminate, annihilate, wipe out, bloody, 
masturbate, masturbation, 
match
match, matchstick, matchbox, flint and steel, cigarette lighter, lighter fluid, tinderbox, 
matchmaker, go-between
mate, 
mate, harem, breed
material, composition, stuff, substance, 
maternity, postnatal, 
mathematician, statistician, 
Mathematics
mathematics, math, arithmetic, geometry, algebra, calculus, trigonometry, statistics, 
mathematics, physics, 
mature (v), grow up,  
Mature in behavior
mature, 
mature, adult (adj), responsible, 
maturely, 
maturity, 
maximum, most, 
May I have a drink? Could I have something to drink? I'm really thirsty.
may, 
may, can, 
may, could, 
Maybe
maybe, perhaps,  
maybe, perhaps, may, might, it is possible, possibly, could, who knows?, there's a chance, you never know, conceivably, 
maybe, perhaps, possibly, 
me, you, him, her, it, us, you, them
meadow, clearing
Meal
meal, mealtime
mean (something), have the meaning, 
mean, herald, bode well, bode ill, spell
Meaning
meaning, definition, semantics, sense, interpretation
Meaningless
meaningless, absurd, lack meaning, ridiculous, senseless, nonsensical, without rhyme or reason, unintelligible, inane
Means
measurable, quantifiable, 
Measure
measure, 
measure, find the volume, 
measure, pace off, step off, 
measure, take a measurement, assay, assess, balance, calibrate, determine, fathom, gauge, grade, mete, meter, pace, plumb, quantify, rank, reach, read, take a reading, record, rule, sound, span, step off, stretch, stride, survey, tape, test, time, 
measurement, reading, 
measuring cup, measuring spoon
measuring cup, measuring spoon, 
meat
Meat
meat dish, main dish, main course
mechanic, machinist, operator, engineer
mechanic, potter, tailor, weaver, blacksmith
Meddle
meddle, bother, butt in, eavesdrop, encroach, infringe, interfere, intervene, intrude, pry, snoop, tamper
meddle, kibitz, kibitzer, 
medic, corpsman, ambulance driver, paramedic, 
medicate, apply medicine/ointment, give a shot, inject someone with, vaccinate, immunize, inoculate, administer, prescribe medicine, apply a bandage, (cover oneself under steaming herbal medicine), massage, rub something in, 
Medicinal plants
medicinal, curative
Medicine
medicine bottle, needle, syringe, IV, 
medicine man, herbalist, shaman, 
medicine, medication, medicinal, drug, narcotic, antidote, elixir, remedy, herb, 
medieval, out of the ark, dinosaur, anachronism, archaic, 
Mediocre
mediocre, average, undistinguished
medium, average, medium-sized, average-sized, in between, 
meet (for the first time), introduce someone, introduce oneself, introduce each other, be introduced
meet a deadline, on schedule, 
meet a need, satisfy a need, fulfill requirements, meet requirements, meet the demand, fill a need, 
Meet a standard
meet a standard, be acceptable, be perfect, be normal
Meet for the first time
Meet together
meet, come together, unite, crash, collide, 
meet, meet together, get together, rendezvous, 
meeting place, venue, rendezvous, center, haunt, 
meeting point, focal point, focus, confluence
Meeting, assembly
meeting, assembly, gathering, convocation, assemblage, congregation, council, caucus, conclave, congress, convention, symposium, panel, posse
melodious, melodic, good, beautiful, 
melt, melt water, thaw, slush, turn to slush
melt, melted, melt down, molten, thaw, liquefy, soften, dissolve, soluble
melting point, freezing point, dew point, boiling point
member, card-carrying, Democrat, Republican, Communist, Nazi, Fascist, 
member, membership, insider, one of us
member, one of, part of, belong to, go with, 
memorial, monument, in memory of, 
Memorize
memorize, commit to memory
memorize, commit to memory, make a mental note, record, remember, store, 
memory, recollection, 
Men's clothing
menopause, 
menses, 
menstrual cycle
menstruate, period, having (your) period, time of month, menstruation, 
mental hospital, psychiatric hospital, institution, asylum, 
Mental illness
mental illness, madness, insanity, dementia, demon possession, fixation, hypochondria, lunacy, mania, melancholia, neurosis, obsession, paranoia, psychosis, schizophrenia, senility
Mental state
mental state, mental condition, conscious state
mentally ill, insane, mad, crazy, disturbed, mentally disabled, crackbrained, crazed, demonized, demon possessed, feeble minded, melancholic, neurotic, obsessive, paranoid, preoccupied, psychopathic, psychotic, retarded, catatonic, 
Mention
mention, refer to, allude to, touch on, say briefly, 
meow, mew, caterwaul, hiss, purr
merchant, trader, salesman
merciful, compassionate, humane, lenient, long-suffering, sparing, 
merciless, unmerciful, heartless, pitiless, ruthless, ruthlessness, 
Mercury, Venus (Morning Star, Evening Star), Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto
Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto
Mercy
mercy, mercies, clemency, compassion, empathetic, forbearance, kindness, leniency, pity (n), 
mess, clutter 
messenger
Metal
metal work, jewelry
metal, metallic
metallic, copper, brass, bronze, bronzed, gilded, gilt, gold, golden, platinum, silver, silvery, steely, 
metaphor, simile, comparison
meteor, shooting star, falling star, meteor trail, meteor shower
meteorite, meteor crater
meteorology, meteorologist, weatherman
Method
method, methodology, approach, means, procedure, process, strategy, system, tactics, technique, way, 
metric
metric,  
metric, imperial, 
microscope, magnifying glass, magnifier, 
Middle
middle-class, bourgeois, the bourgeoisie, white-collar
middle (adj), center (adj), central, 
middle (n), center, the heart of, core, 
middle class, bourgeois
midget, squirt, dwarf, runt, shrimp, 
midnight, the middle of the night, pumpkin hour
midwife, obstetrician
might, 
migrate
migrate, migration, fly south
mild retardation, severe retardation, vegetable, 
mild, bland, insipid, weak, 
miles <per> hour
military base, guardhouse, barracks, fort, blockhouse, bomb shelter, watchtower, lookout, bunker, 
Military organization
military organization, branch of the military, the services, 
military police, cavalryman, horseman, spearman, legionnaire, centurion, 
military, 
Milk
milk (v), milk (n), milk jug, bucket, dairy, dairy cow
Milk products
milk, blood, meat
milk, butter, cheese, cream, whey, milk solids, butterfat, yogurt, curd
Milky Way, Big Dipper, Orion, Pleiades, Southern Cross
mill (n), 
mill (v), grind
Mill grain
mill, flourmill, grind stone, millstone, grinder, grinding mill, flour sack
million, billion, trillion, quadrillion
millipede
Mind
mind is full
mind, intellect, intelligence, reason, understanding, brain, head
mind, intellect, mental faculty, reason, reasoning, sense, thinking, thought, thoughts, 
mine (n), gold mine, coal mine, strip mine, quarry (n), mother lode, deposit, vein, coalfield
mine (v), quarry (v)
mine shaft, tailings, entrance, head
mine, yours, his, hers, its, ours, yours, theirs
miner, prospector
Mineral
mineral, miner
mineral, mineral resources, element, chemical, atom, crystal, ore
mineralize, calcify, petrify, vitrify
mineralogy, mineralogist
Mining
minister, justice of the peace, 
minority, 
minus, subtracted from, from, less, 
miracle worker, prophet
miracle, miraculous event, sign, wonder, magic
Miracle, supernatural power
miraculous, 
mirror, looking glass, reflector, 
miscalculate, miscount, lose count, 
Miscarriage
miscreant, reprobate (n), scoundrel, sinner, black sheep, villain, knave, 
miser
misnomer, 
miss, fall short, overshoot, off center, wild shot
miss, want to see someone, feel lonesome, long for someone
misshapen, deformed, distorted, out of shape, lopsided, lose its shape, 
Mistake
mistake something, confuse, mix someone up with, get something mixed up, muddle, 
mistake, error, slip, mix-up, slip-up, oversight, aberration, 
mistake, miscalculation, misjudgment, error of judgment, be a bad move, blunder, bad tactics, muddle, confusion, mess something up, make a mess of something, 
mistake, misprint, spelling mistake, slip of the tongue, error, typographical error, typo, 
mistletoe
Misunderstand
misunderstand, understand wrong, fail to understand, misinterpret, interpret wrongly, miss the meaning, get it wrong, mishear, be mistaken, lose (someone), lack of understanding, 
Mix
mix (n), mixture, admixture, amalgam, assortment, blend (n), brew (n), combination, composite, compound, conglomerate, conglomeration, fusion, hodgepodge, intermixture, jumble, mess, miscellany, mishmash, patchwork, odds and ends, solution, a cross between, 
mix, mix something with something, mix things together, add something to something, amalgamate, bring together, coalesce, combine, commingle, dilute, fuse, imbue, interlard, intermingle, intermix, join, jumble, lump, meld, merge, mingle, scramble, unification, unify, unite, 
mix, stir, knead, toss, tossed, whisk, beat, 
mixed, coed, 
mixed, mixed up, amalgamated, assorted, blended, combined, composite, compounded, conglomerated, diluted, half-and-half, heterogeneous, intermixed, jumbled, mingled, miscellaneous, motley, scrambled, tangled, together, varied, variegated, 
mixer, blender, food processor, eggbeater, 
mixing bowl
Mock
mock, mockery, make fun of, tease, taunt, ridicule, scorn, sneer, sarcasm, deride, derision, jeer, laugh at, snicker, snigger, poke fun at, play a trick on, satirize, satire, parody, caricature, lampoon, make a fool of, roast
Modern
modern, up-to-date, advanced, sophisticated, high-tech, state-of-the-art, be ahead of its time, at the leading edge of, at the cutting edge of, 
modernize, bring something up to date, update, 
modest, propriety, decent
moist, damp, a little wet, clammy, dewy
mold, shape, form, throw a pot, 
mole, shrew, hedgehog
mollusk, snail, slug, abalone, oyster, scallop, mussel, clam, nautilus, cuttlefish, octopus, squid, conch
molt, shed, down, fledge, 
Mom, Mum, Mother, Mommy, Mummy, 
moment, instant, point in time, instantaneous, instantaneously
monarchy, democracy, democratic, republic, republican, autocratic, dictatorship, dictatorial, communist, communistic, socialist, socialistic, theocracy, theocratic, 
monastery, convent, parsonage
Monetary units
Money
money, currency, finance, financial, bill, denomination, bread (slang), coin, bill, check, cash
monogamous, monogamy, 
monotony, tedium, 
monster, pervert, 
Month
month, this month, last month, next month, the months to come
monthly, every month, each month
Months of the year
monument, megalith, mound, obelisk, ziggurat, 
moo, low, bellow, snort
Moods
Moon
moon is shining, by the light of the moon, moon is/comes out, 
moon, lunar, satellite
moonless night, eclipse of the moon, eclipse (v), 
moonlight, moonbeam, moonshine, 
moonlit, be in the moonlight, lit by the moon, shine on, 
moonrise, rising of the moon, 
moonset, setting of the moon, 
moraine, talus
More
More than 100 people came to the wedding.
more than enough, plenty, ample, 
more than, 
more than, over and above, as well as, plus, in addition to, on top of, 
more, -er
more, extra, another, added, additional, further, supplementary, spare, 
more, greater, higher, to a greater extent, to a greater degree, 
more, over, above, beyond, greater than, in excess of, upwards of, plus, at least, 
more, surpass, 
morgue, mortuary, crematorium, 
morning, midmorning, am, antemeridian, ante meridiem, forenoon, matins, morn, early morning
mortar and pestle, meat tenderizer, grinder, meat grinder
mortar, pestle, pound
mortified, never felt so embarrassed in my whole life, 
moss
Moss, fungus, algae
most, -est
Most, almost all
most, almost all, nearly all, the majority, the bulk of, the better part of, the best part of, the lion's share, the biggest slice of the cake, 
Most, least
mostly, mainly, in most cases, most of the time, 
mostly, mainly, largely, predominantly, predominate, be in the majority, a preponderance, 
mother, mom, mum, ma, mama
motivating, 
motivation, motivator, 
motto, slogan, catchphrase, 
Mount Rainier, Mount McKinley
Mountain
mountain range, mountainous, the hills, hilly, rolling hills, highlands
mountain, mount, hill, volcano, plateau, moor, butte, crag, dome, height, highland, upland, uplift, mound, formation
Mourn
mourner, 
Mouth
mouth is dry, 
mouth the words, 
mouth, 
mouthpiece, bell, key, keyboard, drumstick, reed, bow, string, fret, pick, organ pipe
movable, mobile, mobility, portable, loose, fluid, free, 
Move
move (something), transfer, shift
Move a part of the body
move across, go across, cross, go to the other side
move around, surround, encircle, revolve, swivel, pivot
Move away
move away, leave forever, emigrate, immigrate
Move back
Move back and forth
move back and forth, rock, rock back and forth, wave, swing
move back, back up, move backwards, move in reverse
Move down
move down, go down, lower oneself, climb down, jump down, descend, descent
Move forward
move forward, advance, move ahead, go ahead
move from/away/away from, go away, get away, retreat, back off, run away, come from
Move in
Move in a circle
move in a circle, curve, circulate, turn around, swing, cycle
Move in a direction
move in, go in, go into, enter
move inwards, 
Move noisily
Move out
move out, go out, come out, get out, emerge, exit, exodus, issue, leave, 
move over, walk over, run over, overrun
move past, move by, bypass, go around, go by, stop by, zoom by, zip by
Move past, over, through
Move quickly
move quickly, hurry, haste, hasten, rush, forge ahead, charge, barrel along, move like a bat out of hell, make a beeline for, boil, bolt, bustle, move along at a good clip, dart, double-time, fast, fire, flash, flat-out, fling, flit, fly, gallop, move like greased lightning, be really hopping, kick, lickety-split, plunge in, quick, race, rapid, rapidly, rapidity, run, rush, sail, scour, scud, shoot, move like sixty, skim, snappily, speed, stampede, streak, sweep, swift, swiftly, swing, tear, apace, tilt, vroom, whiz, wildfire, zip, zoom, at full speed, at top speed, express, make tracks, burn up the track
Move sideways
move sideways, make room for, move aside, move out of the way, get out of the way, move over, budge, shift
Move slowly
Move something
Move something in a direction
Move straight without turning
move suddenly, sudden movement
Move to a new house
Move together
move together, move parallel
Move toward something
move toward, go toward, head toward, go in the (general) direction of
Move up
move up in the world, upwardly mobile, social climber
move up, go up, arise, hop up, lift yourself up, pull yourself up, jump, surge, go higher, get higher, levitate, 
move up, rise, climb, shoot up, 
move, move in
move, movement, change position, maneuver, jockey for position, budge
move, transfer, transport, shift, relocate, shunt, conduct, convey, 
Movement of water
movement, introduction, bar, finale
Movie
movie, show, film
moving, be in motion
much less, far less, far fewer, way below, 
Mucus
mucus, snot, booger
mud, clay, cement, straw, mortar, sun-dried, burned, fired, kiln-dried
mud, muddy, mud puddle, mire, miry, muck, goo, ooze
muddy, boggy, marshy, swampy
Multicolored
Multiple births
Multiple things moving
Multiples
multiplied by, times, 
Multiply numbers
multiply, double, treble, quadruple, proliferate, snowball, 
multiply, multiplication, multiples of (a number), 
murder (n), homicide, killing, assassination, foul play, capital crime, beheading, bloodshed, butchery, crucifixion, decapitation, electrocution, fratricide, immolation, infanticide, liquidation, manslaughter, martyrdom, matricide, patricide, regicide, shooting, slaying, strangulation, smothering, suffocation, terrorism, 
murder money, blood money, cursed money
murder weapon, 
murderer, killer, assassin, hitman, slayer, executioner, hangman, liquidator, murderess, slaughterer, slayer, terrorist, strangler, 
muscle, meat, muscular, biceps, triceps, extensor, retractor, gluteus, smooth muscle, sphincter, striated muscle, 
muscular, firm, flabby, fleshy, 
Mushrooms are not <classified with> the plants.;  I would not <classify> this fossil <as> a dinosaur.
Music
music lover, critic
music, musical
music, notation, key, staff, bar, note, quarter note, half note, whole note, sharp, flat, scale
music, record, tape, cassette, CD, compact disc
Musical instrument
musical instrument, band instrument
musical instrument, music stand, riser, baton
Musician
musician, singer, player, performer, band member, choir member
must have, 
must, need to, have to, have got to
Mute
mute, dumb person
mutual, reciprocal, two-way, 
My boss <doubled> my salary.
My land is less than five acres.
My land is more than five acres.
My parents had five boys and I am the <second>.;  This book is the <third> in the series.
my, your, his, her, its, our, your, their
my/your/his story, tell about yourself, biography, biographical, biographer, autobiography, autobiographical, 
Mysterious
n't, 
n't...are you, 
nail, fingernail, toenail
Naked
Name
name (v), call, be christened, give a name to, choose a name, pick a name, call him/her 'name'
name (v), call, christen,  
Name of a person
Name of a place
Name of a thing
name, identify, 
name, proper name, designation, label, nomenclature, tag, title, 
name, proper name, proper noun, first name, given name, personal name, middle name, last name, family name, father's name, surname, maiden name, initial, title, identity, 
name, proper noun, 
Names of animals
Names of buildings
Names of cities
Names of continents
Names of countries
Names of heavenly bodies
Names of languages
Names of mountains
Names of oceans and lakes
Names of regions
Names of rivers
Names of streets
naming ceremony, christening
nap, take a nap, rest, take a rest
Narcotic
narcotic, drug, 
Narrow
narrow (v), get narrower, taper, thin (v), 
narrow (v), taper, thin (v), constrict, 
narrow victory, close call, hard won, 
narrow, broad, deep
narrow, curved, thin lips, thick lips, 
narrow, thin, 
narrower, narrowest, thinner, thinnest, 
narrowly missed, close shave
narrowly, rather, 
narrows, narrowing, waist, neck, 
nasal, 
national
Natural
natural disaster, 'act of God'
natural gas, oxygen, carbon dioxide, ozone, hydrogen, nitrogen, helium, neon
natural resources, raw materials
natural, naturally, wild (animals, country), raw (materials), virgin (forest), untamed, organic
natural, wild, raw, virgin, untamed, organic
Nature, character
nature, character, such
Nature, environment
naughty, badly-behaved, mischievous, spoiled, 
nauseate, give you an upset stomach, make you sick to your stomach, 
naval, 
Navy
Near
near-sighted, far-sighted, as blind as a bat, partially blind, have poor eyesight, astigmatism, color-blind, cross-eyed, 
near enough, close enough, within walking distance, within reach, within range, convenient, handy, be close at hand, around the corner, close up, up close, at close quarters, at close range, right under your nose
near, nearby, close, close to, close by, not far, practically on top of, a short distance, locally, in the vicinity, nigh, around, a stone's throw, in the neighborhood
nearby, nearest, the next, neighboring, local, surrounding
nearer, closer, before, on this side of, nearest, closest
nearness, closeness, proximity
Necessary 
necessary, compulsory, essential, imperative, indispensable, inevitable, mandatory, obligatory, required, unavoidable, urgent, vital, 
necessary, essential, vital, indispensable, be a necessity, be a must, requisite, prerequisite, required, 
necessity, need, obligation, prerequisite, requirement, 
neck, nape (back of the neck), throat, Adam's apple, wrinkle, fold in skin of neck
Need
need (n), time of need, dependence, reliance, 
need advice, don't know what to do, 
need, be in need of, could do with, 
need, be in need of, require, be a need for, could do with, have a need, be in a pinch, be in want, 
needle, knitting needle, spinning wheel, sewing machine, pins, scissors, tape measure
needle, pattern, 
needy, dependent, 
Neglect plants
neglect, abuse, spoil, deprive, 
neglect, allow to grow wild, become overgrown, let the weeds grow
neglect, omit, let something pass, slip, unmindful, miss
Negotiate
negotiate, negotiations, entreat, 
negotiate, try to reach an agreement, discuss terms
negotiation, discussion
neigh, whinny, bray (donkey), 
Neighbor
neighbor, neighbor, next door neighbor
neighborhood, community, our street, our area, subdivision, housing development, compound, apartment complex, district, vicinity, environs
neither eat nor drink, liquid diet, daytime fast, total fast
Nephew, niece
nephew, niece
nerves, nervousness, tension, unease, stage fright, 
Nervous
nervous, apprehensive, edgy, fidgety, flustered, ill at ease, jittery, restless, tense, uneasy, uneasily, uptight
nervous, high-strung, of a nervous disposition, 
nest
nest, birds nest, perch, range
net, ball, 
net, hook, angle, trap, spear, arrow, harpoon, poison, dynamite, trawling, fishpond
Netherlands, Germany, France, Spain, Mexico
netherworld, heaven, hell, 
network, weaving
Never
never, no time, 
never, not ever, never once, not once, never for a moment, not for a moment, never ever, at no time, not in a million years, never in a million years, have never been known to do something, 
New
new, brand new, fresh, 
new, brand new, recent, latest, be just out, be hot off the press, 
new, fresh, 
new, new-fangled, avant-garde, contemporary, forward-looking, fresh, futuristic, go-ahead, be in its infancy, innovative, inventive, modern, ultra-modern, move with the times, novel, original, originality, pioneering, present-day, progressive, revolutionary, up-to-date, up-to-the-minute, ahead of your time, 
new, newcomer, new arrival, be new to, fresh, green, stranger, 
new, newfound, 
new, newly discovered, fresh, 
new, newness, newly, modern, state-of-the-art, untrodden, up-to-date, 
new, young, 
newborn, baby, babe, infant, nursling, toddler, two-year-old, three-year-old, ankle-biter, 
newlyweds, honeymooner, man and wife, 
News, message
news, message, report, account
Newspaper
newspaper, paper, magazine, press, periodical
Next
next door, adjoin, border (v)
Next to
next to nothing, nominal, a drop in the ocean, paltry, miserly, a pittance, peanuts, 
next to the last, the last but one, penultimate, 
next to, right next to, right up next to, by, beside, neighbor, juxtaposed, nearest
next, following, ensuing, 
next, following, later, subsequent, succeeding, ensuing, after, future, consequent, latter, 
next, right afterwards, the day after, then, 
Nickname
nickname, pet name
nicotine, tar
Night
night, nighttime, 
nightly, every night, each night, 
nightmare, bad dream
no connection, unrelated, unconnected, 
no later than, at the latest, 
no longer, 
no one, nobody
no one, nobody, 
no, none, not, nay, uh-uh, no one, nothing, never, nowhere, no indeed, by no means, certainly not, most certainly not, absolutely not, shake your head, negative
No, not
nobody present, no one here, no one there, not a soul, nary a one, 
nod, yawn, stretch, eyelids droop
noise, racket, roar, 
noisy, rowdy, 
nominal, in name only, 
non-existent, extinct, there's no, there's no such thing, 
Non-relative
non-relative, unrelated, not related
none, not any, no, not one, not a, nothing, 
none, not any, no, nothing, not anything, be nil, bugger all, 
None, nothing
nonsense, gibberish, babble, drivel, hocus-pocus, mumbo-jumbo, gobbledygook
nook
noon, midday, meridian, midpoint, noonday, noontide, noontime, 
noon, zenith, 
North Star, Morning Star, Betelgeuse, Alpha Centauri
North, south, east, west
north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, southwest, northward, southward, eastward, westward, northerly, southerly, westerly, easterly, up north, down south, sunrise, sunset
north/south/east/west wind, northeaster, wind off the ocean, ocean breeze, wind from the mountains, mountain breeze, wind from the desert, updraft, downdraft, head wind, tail wind, following wind, cross breeze, windward, lee, prevailing
northbound, southbound, eastbound, westbound
northern, southern, eastern, western, boreal, austral, oriental, occidental, Midwestern, Fareast
northerner, southerner, easterner, westerner
Nose
nose, 
nostril, bridge, septum, sinus, nasal passage, mucous membrane, 
nostrils flare, wrinkle your nose, 
not (strong) enough, not sufficiently, 
not approve, condemn, critical, critique, deprecate, disapprove of, disapproving, disqualify, frown on, invalidate, reject, take a dim view of, have a low opinion of, think badly of, 
not as much, not so much, 
not be enough, be running short, not last, won't last, 
not be interested, lack interest, be bored (with), be fed up with, be tired of, don't care (about), can't be bothered, your heart's not in it, be cool towards, show no interest, express no interest, leave someone cold, 
not be suited, be wrong for, not be right for, not be someone's type, 
not be sure, not be certain, be unsure, be uncertain, not know, doubt, wonder, can't be sure, not be confident, be indefinite about, ambivalent
not begrudge, 
not believe, disbelief, unbelief, lack faith in, fail to believe, refuse to believe
Not care
not care, shrug it off, be on the fence, middle-of-the-road, 
not come true, fail to materialize
not enough, insufficient, too little, too few, scarce, inadequate, inadequacy, shortage, lack of, be in short supply, be short, 
not enthusiastic, unenthusiastic, lack of enthusiasm, half-hearted, lukewarm, muted, your heart's not in it, 
not give a damn, couldn't care less, be past caring, for all I care, 
not go near, not come near, stay away from, keep away from, keep your distance, keep off, stay back, keep back, remain at a distance, stand off, stand aloof, steer clear of, stand clear of
not good-looking, plain, homely, not much to look at, unattractive, 
Not have
not have enough, be short of, be short on, go short, be running short of, deficient, be starved of, be lacking in,
not have enough, can't afford, be strapped for cash, 
not have, haven't go, without, be missing, devoid of, empty-handed, wanting,  
not hurt, painless, not feel a thing, 
not know what to say, be speechless, tongue-tied, cat's got your tongue
not know, be ignorant, be unaware of
not known, unknown, undetected, undiscovered, unexposed, unmarked, unseen
not likely, nothing doing, no way, and that's that
not mind, not be fussy, it doesn't matter to me, it doesn't bother me, I'm easy, suit yourself, have no objection,  
Not moving
not much, very little, to speak of, hardly any, scarcely any, almost no, minimal, negligible, precious little, next to nothing, a smattering of, a scrap of, tiny, minute, 
not my problem, not my concern, that's your problem, (that's just) tough
not notice, miss, overlook, fail to notice, escape someone's notice, unnoticed, go unnoticed
not pay attention, daydream, be miles away, your mind wanders, inattentive, pay very little attention, mind is elsewhere, ignore, take no notice, goes in one ear and out the other, 
not take your eyes off, stand over, 
not trust, distrust, be suspicious of, be suspicious of, view someone with suspicion, 
not understandable, inscrutable, unfathomable, incomprehensible, inconceivable
not very, hardly, barely, a little, fairly 
not want to draw attention to yourself, keep a low profile, low key, 
not worried, unworried, not concerned, unconcerned, unperturbed, not lose sleep over, don't care, without a care in the world, carefree, philosophical, 
Not yet
not yet, not now, still need to wait, it will be awhile (still), it will take some time, not quite here, almost
not...enough, too little, 
Notice
notice, spot, become aware, detect, note, perceive, observe, conscious of, catch someone's eye, take note, 
Noun affixes
noun, verb, adjective, adverb, conjunction, preposition, particle, article, word, participle, infinitive, part of speech, compound, derivative
novelty, innovation, latest, original, 
Now
now, right now, nowadays, at this time, at the present time, currently, already, 
nowhere, no place, 
noxious (fumes), poisonous gas
nugget, bar, rod, ingot, wire
Number
number (v), 
number (v), numbered, 
Number of times
Number series
number, assign a number, count off
number, figure, digit, numeral, 
number, how many, numbers, ratio, 
Numbered group
nurse, nursemaid, guardian, nanny, babysitter, sitter, child minder, 
nurse, nursing, hygienist, hygiene, lab/medical technician, laboratory analysis, midwife, midwifery, orderly, pharmacist, pharmacology, speech therapist, speech therapy, therapist, therapy
nursery school, kindergarten, grammar school, elementary school, secondary school, high school, university, college, 
nursery, cr\xc3\xa8che, childcare facility, 
O, sir, ma'am, ladies and gentlemen, men and brothers, (look) you, (listen) all of you
oar, paddle, sail, rigging, plank, compass, signal flag
obedient, law-abiding, submissive, compliant
obeisance, worship, bow in submission/reverence/greeting
obese, obesity, gross, 
Obey
obey, abide by the law, submit, comply
obituary, eulogy, epitaph, 
object to, voice opposition to, express opposition to, raise objections, 
objection, opposition, hostility, antagonism, 
oblivion, end of existence, finality of death, 
obscene, coarse, crude, dirty, filthy, improper, indecent, lewd, naughty, profane, risqu\xc3\xa9, rude, saucy, suggestive, vulgar, 
Obscenity
obscure, shrouded in mystery, mysterious, 
observant, perceptive, eagle-eyed, have eyes like a hawk, have eyes in the back of your head, powers of observation
observer, beholder, witness, eyewitness, onlooker, spectator, viewer, 
obsess, captivate, fascinate, intrigue, 
Obsessed
obsessed, absorbed, captivated, engrossed, enthralled, fascinated, intrigued, mesmerized, spellbound, be all ears, 
obtain evidence, poke around, snoop, surprise, try, question, 
obvious, transparent, clear, easy to understand, evident
occasional, the odd, periodic, intermittent, casual
Occupation
occupation, job, living, work, employment, profession, trade
Occupy an area
occupy, occupy an area, take up space, cover an area, fill
Ocean, lake
ocean, sea, lake, pond, pool, puddle, wallow
oceanography
odds, 
odorless, inodorous, inodorousness, scentless, 
of, 
off color, under the weather, run down, not feel yourself, not be yourself, 
offense, 
Offer
offer a sacrifice, pray for the dead, keep someone's memory alive, 
offer someone (money) for something, make an offer, bid, 
offer someone something, offer something to someone, 
offer to do something (for someone), volunteer, come forward, let me, proffer, tender, make an overture, 
offer, 
offer, hold something out, 
Offering, sacrifice
office, department
office, factory, plant
office, factory, shop, laboratory, plant, greenhouse, 
office, reception area, atrium, foyer
official, chancellor, court, courtier, chamberlain, eunuch, minister, cabinet member
Often
often, frequently, time after time, time and again, repeatedly, many a time, hundreds of times, half the time, at frequent intervals, 
Oil
oil rig, oil platform, refinery
oil well, gas well, oil field
oil, grease, lubricant
oily, greasy, slippery, slick, slimy, smooth, lubricating, fatty, gummy, mucous, soapy
ointment, salve, liniment, lotion, poultice, balm, cream, 
old-fashioned, unfashionable, antiquated, archaic, outdated, out of date, outmoded, outworn, 
old-timer, old hand, no stranger (to these parts), 
old age, twilight years, 
Old fashioned
old fashioned, be behind the times, be living in the past, reactionary, straitlaced, 
old fashioned, period costume
old hat, 
old man, old woman, elder, senior citizen, senior, old people, the old, 
Old person
old, customary, inveterate, pass\xc3\xa9, traditional, tried and true, well-trodden, 
old, elderly, aged, aging, ancient, be getting on, not be as young as you were, patriarchal, senior, 
old, elderly, aged, ancient, up in years, retired, 
old, former, 
old, has a long history, 
old, mature, 
Old, not new
Old, not young
old, older, oldest, dated, late, 
old, used, second hand, worn, time-worn, 
older, elder, 
oldest, eldest, 
oldest, youngest, firstborn, second born, last born, middle child
olfactory, 
olive, corn, canola, cottonseed, 
Omen, divination
omen, sign, harbinger, portent, presage, foreshadowing, message from the beyond
On
on the contrary, contrary to, in contrast, as opposed to, 
On time
on time, right on time, punctually, promptly, on cue, on the dot, at the right time, at the designated time, at the appointed time, when expected, right when it was supposed to happen, at the exact moment, 
on your feet
Once
once, one time, on one occasion, at one stage, at one point, one day
once, one time, single time, one-off, 
once, one time, single time, twice, two times, three times, thrice, four times, many times
One
one apiece, two apiece, three apiece, one each, two each, three each, 
one by one, singly, individually, 
one hundred, two hundred
one night stand
one of us, one of our own, one of ours, insider, friend
one thousand, two thousand
one, first, individual, single, only, the one, one apiece, one each, 
Only
only child
only, just, exclusively, nothing but, nothing else, be limited to, be restricted to, be confined to, be unique to, be peculiar to, exclusive, 
only, just, no more than, all, 
only, just, purely, merely, mere, nothing but, 
only, sole, the one, lone, solitary, alone, one and only, single, 
oops, 
ooze, run, 
opaque, obscure, dark, darkened, impervious-to-light, 
Open
open, ajar
open, close, look out, view
open, close, smile, purse your lips, 
open, close, swing close, slam, walk through, leave by, lock, unlock, bolt, block, hang, install
open, leave open
open, open-minded
open, openly, in the open, for all to see
opening move, opening, move, queen to king's knight 4, advance, castle, capture, take, lose a piece, check, checkmate, concede
opening, hole, aperture
operator
Opinion
opossum, possum, kangaroo, wallaby, Tasmanian devil, wombat
opponent, opposition, rival, 
opponent, the opposition, enemy, foe, 
Opportunity
opportunity, chance, opening, occasion 
Oppose
oppose, be opposed to, be against, anti-
opposing, hostile, antagonistic, opposing, 
Opposite
opposite, 
opposition, the other side, 
Oppress
oppress, bully, harass, hound, persecute, repress, tyrannize, 
oppressed, persecuted, tyrannized
oppression, harassment, persecution, tyranny
oppressive, tyrannical, cruel
oppressor, persecutor, bully, slave driver, tyrant, dictator
optic, retinal, 
optometrist, optician, eye doctor, 
or so, odd, or more, at least, and maybe more, barely, hardly, little more than, scarcely, 
Or, either
or, either...or, alternatively, nor, otherwise, alternative, optional, 
oral, orally, labial, palatal, velar, 
orange, apricot, cadmium, carrottop, carroty, ocher, peach, salmon, tangerine, 
oratory, homiletics
order, 
Order, sequence
order, sequence, cycle, pattern, rota, order of events, 
Ordinal numbers
ore
ore, iron, steel, metal, solder, scrap metal
organ, internal organ, gut, gland, system, systemic, vascular system, vas, cortex, sac, 
Organization
organization, ad hoc, alignment, apparatus, cycle, framework, hierarchy, mechanism, network, order, ordering, pattern, row, sequence, set-up, structure, system, 
organization, club, society, institution, company
organization, management, administration, direct, manage, regulate, 
Organize
organize, dispose, structure, get together, get it together, get your act together, chart, marshal, put in a chart, put in a table, put in a matrix, sort, sort out, systematize, tabulate, 
organized, methodical, neat, together, 
organized, ordered, well-ordered, orderly, in order, harmonious, shipshape, structured, systematic, tidy, everything in its place, 
orgasm, climax, ejaculate, ejaculation, come, semen, sperm, 
Origin (of a person)
Orphan
orphan, fatherless, motherless
orphanage, 
orthography, alphabet, letter, punctuation, accent, tone mark, underline, underscore, 
Ostracize
ostracize, exile, marginalize, shun, cast out, exclude
Other
other, another, different, else, other than, 
ouch, 
ought to be, should be, promise to be, looks promising, 
ought to, should, 
ounce, pound, ton, milligram, centigram, decigram, gram, dekagram, kilo, kilogram, metric ton, kiloton, megaton, atomic weight, carat, dram, grain, hundredweight, pennyweight, stone, talent, gross weight, net weight, 
out of danger, 
out of sight, hidden from view, away from people's eyes, 
out of, with, from, of, 
Out, outside
outcast, pariah
Outer part
outgrow, outlive, outwear, 
outhouse, bunkhouse, garage, shed, barn
outline, lines, profile, contour, 
outlive, survive, 
outside (adj), outer, external, surface, superficial, 
outside (n), exterior, surface, cover, covering, skin, shell
outsized, giant, extra large, 
outwit, outsmart, be too clever for
oven, burner, grill, 
oven, stove, grill, broiler, toaster, toaster oven, microwave oven, barbeque, fireplace
over there, elsewhere, yon, yonder
overact, ham it up, 
overburdened, worn, 
overconfident, 
overflow its banks, flood, deluge
overflow, overflowing, run over, running over, brimming over, full and running over, overcrowded, overfilled, 
overlap, 
overlook, 
overlook, let it pass, turn a blind eye, shut your eyes to, close your eyes, bury your head in the sand, 
overreact, 
Ow! Ouch!
Owe
owe tax
owe, be in debt, have a debt, heavily in debt
Own, possess
own, possess, have, belong to
Own: John <has> a house (to sell), the house <of> John, John<'s> house, hi<s> house, who<se> house (is this?), the house is hi<s>;  Kinship: John <has> a brother, the brother <of> John, John<'s>brother, hi<s> brother;  Relationship: John <has> a friend, the friend <of> John, John<'s> friend, a friend of hi<s>;  Member: The school <has> (a hundred) students, the students <of> the school, the school<'s> students;  Part: Trees <have> leaves, the leaves <of> the tree, the tree<'s> leaves, it<s> leaves;  Name: John <has> three names, the three names <of> John, John<'s> three names, hi<s> names;  Know: John <has> the answer, John<'s> answer, hi<s> answer;  Hold: John <has> the key (in his pocket), John<'s> key, hi<s> key;  Feel: John <has> anger, the anger <of> John, John's anger, hi<s> anger;  Sickness: John <has> cancer, John<'s> cancer, hi<s> cancer;  Located on: The yard <has> a fence, the yard<'s> fence;  Be pictured in: the photo <of> John, John<'s> photo, hi<s> photo;  Quality: John <has> status, the status <of> John, John<'s> status, hi<s> status;  Use: The secretary <has> a computer, the computer <of> the secretary, the secretary<'s> computer, the computer is her<s>;  Event: the arrival <of> John, John<'s> arrival, hi<s> arrival
owner
owner, 
ox, steer
pace
pace off
pack, backpack, stretcher, carrying pole, 
pack, carry in the arms, carry on the shoulders, shoulder (v), carry on a pole, cradle, 
Pain
pain, ache, hurt (n), misery, suffering, sufferings, soreness, 
pain, itch, irritation, tickle, 
painful, aching, sore (adj), stiff, tender, 
paint (n), dye (n), bleach (n), food coloring, stain (n), 
paint, brush, palette, easel, canvas, medium, tempera, distemper, 
paint, draw, design, composition, brush, painting, medium
paint, draw, sculpture, carve, design
paint, polish, nail polish
paint, varnish, lacquer, whitewash
painter, artist, 
pair of 
pair, couple, couplet, brace, dichotomy, deuce, dual, dyad, twain, yoke, 
pair, partnership, association, fellowship, 
pair, twin, 
pajamas, pj's, jammies, nightgown, nightie, nightclothes
palace, castle, White House, number 10 Downing Street, 
palace, mansion, sprawling (place)
pale, anemic, ashen, bloodless, cadaverous, deathly, flushed, ghastly, lurid, pallid, pallor, pale-faced, pale as death, pale as a ghost, pasty, sallow, wan, white as a sheet, go white, turn blue, 
pale, dim, weak, poor, bad, soft, low, dull, dusky, 
pale, flushed, red, dark (circles under the eyes), spot, rash, 
pall, bier, hearse
pan, sluice, Geiger counter, metal detector, pick, rock hammer
pancake turner, spatula, whisk, stirring spoon, wooden spoon, meat fork, spit, mixer, blender
pangolin, scaly anteater
paper industry
paper, sheet, page, card, cardboard
paragraph, text, section, chapter, point, construction, document, passage, portion, 
parallel
paranoid, paranoia, 
pardon, grant a pardon, have mercy on, release, commute sentence, reduce sentence, let out, let off
Pardon, release
parent, folks, 
parental, paternal, maternal, fatherly, motherly, parentage
park
Part
part-time worker, full-time worker
Part of speech
part of the body, body part, anatomy, appendage, member, orifice, 
part, bit, portion, section, segment, sample, cross-section, member, 
part, piece, section, component, portion, bit
Participate
Particles
Partly
partly, partially, to some extent, to a certain extent, to a degree, to some degree, up to a point, in part, sort of, 
partner, companion, fellow (student), sidekick,  
partners, 
partnership, association, office, working group
Parts of a bird
Parts of a building
Parts of a fish
Parts of a plant
Parts of a reptile
Parts of an animal
Parts of an insect
Parts of clothing
Parts of small animals
Parts of things
Parts of tools
party, Democratic party, Republican party, Communist party, Nazi party, political party, 
pass
pass away, pass on, go, kick the bucket, snuff it, 
Pass laws
pass on, go to heaven, go to hell
pass through
pass, fail
pass, pitch, bowl, peg, 
pass, score, 
pass, tunnel
passionate, romantic, 
Past
past, before, in the past, in years gone by, in the times of our fathers, in our father's/grandparent's/ancestor's time, was (being/doing/happening), lately
pastor, minister, parson
pastor, priest, clergyman, diviner
pastorate, priesthood, ministry
pasture, field, range
pasture, range, enclosure
pasture, range, pen, fold, sheepfold
Path (of movement)
patience, constancy, endurance, steadfastness, 
Patient
Patient-related cases
patient, inpatient, outpatient, 
patient, persevering, accommodating, 
patient, sufferer, invalid, the sick, 
Pattern, design
pattern, design, motif, patterning, markings, 
Pattern, model
pattern, model, prototype, original
paunch, pot belly, beer gut, spare tire, middle-age spread, paunchy, 
Pay
pay attention to, devote attention to, turn your attention to, focus on, concentrate on, give something/someone your undivided attention, attend to, 
pay attention, keep your mind on, take note, attentive, devote attention to, 
pay close attention, concentrate, concentration, give something your undivided attention, 
pay taxes
pay, payment, remunerate, remuneration
pay, salary, wages, earnings, income, wage, 
Peace
peace, peacetime, be at peace with, peaceful,
peaceful, harmonious
peaceful, non-violent
peal (of thunder), clap, rumble, boom, crack of lightning, roll
peanut, groundnut, cashew, walnut, almond, cola nut, palm nut, coconut, cocoa nut
peck, 
peek, peep, take a peep, sneak a look at, snoop around, spy, 
peer
Peer group
pelt, stone, bombard, shower, 
penance, amends, 
pencil, charcoal, eraser, paper
peninsula, promontory, cape
penis, scrotum, testicle, testis, foreskin, loins
people, folks, population, the public, populace, 
people, populace, citizenry, nation
pepper, curry, oregano, thyme, cinnamon, bay leaf, parsley, nutmeg, mint, cumin
perceptible, noticeable, detectable, distinguishable
percussion instruments, drum, snare drum, bass drum, tympani, cymbal, bell, xylophone, marimba, rattle, castanet, bangle, jingle
Perfect
perfect, flawless
perform a funeral, hold a memorial service, 
perform a miracle, produce a miracle, do a miracle
perform a religious ceremony, hold communion
performance, act, scene, intermission, curtain call
performance, execution, touch, expression, fingering, keep time
perfume, deodorant, deodorizer, incense, scent, air-freshener, 
perfume, deodorant, scent, oil, fat, aftershave, 
Period of time
period, span, while, length of time, 
permafrost
permanent, 
permanent, final resting place
permission, authorization, consent, clearance, someone's say-so, license, green light, the okay, the go-ahead, 
permit, license, warrant, 
persevere, give it your best, keep on, hang in there, endure, persist, plod, plug, 
Person
Person in authority
person in authority, authority, authority figure, person in charge, leader, boss, captain, director, chairman, chairperson, head, figurehead, master
person, human being, man, individual, figure
person, who, someone, anyone, everyone, no one, each one, whoever
Personal names
personal, personally, 
Personality
personality, character, conscience, disposition, nature, tendency, 
personality, manner, character, 
Personally
personally, in person, direct
Persuade
petitioner, suppliant
petroleum industry, oil company
petroleum, petrol, gasoline, gas, diesel, kerosene, paraffin, crude oil, mineral oil, ointment, liniment, lotion, Vaseline, glycerin
pew, altar, pulpit, choir loft, baptismal font, stained glass window, steeple
pharmacy, medicine cabinet, 
phase, aspect, 
phase, new moon, full moon, half moon, quarter moon, crescent, sliver, moon is waxing (getting bigger), moon is waning (getting smaller), wax and wane
phew, PU, yuck
philosopher, sage
Philosophy
philosophy, orientation, frame of reference, worldview
phobia, have a phobia about, live in fear, dread (n), dread (v), 
phonograph, record player, tape deck, boom box
photograph, photo, picture, shot, mug shot, snap, portrait, landscape, 
Photography
photography, picture taking
Phrase conjunctions
phrase, clause, sentence, paragraph
phrase, clause, sentence, utterance, discourse, formation, locution, 
phylum, class, order, family, genus, species, chordate, vertebrate, invertebrate, crustacean, rodent, insect, arthropod, mollusk, echidna, protozoa, protozoan, protozoon, amebic, amoeba, bacteriophage, cold-blooded, warm-blooded, multicellular, single-celled, unicellular, microorganism, germ, virus, viral, purebred, hybrid, quadruped, biped, two-footed, four-footed, diurnal, nocturnal, beast, brute, vermin, varmint, albino
Physical actions
Physical impact
Physical, non-physical
physical, physically, bodily, 
physics, chemistry, natural science, physical science, 
phytoplankton, plankton, scum
Pick up
pick up, rise, freshen, gather, blow up
pick up, take, get
pick, 
pick, press, juice, fruit juice
picnic, 
picture, painting, drawing, sketch, illustration, study, portrait, landscape, cartoon, caricature, 
Piece
piece of music, music piece, song, number, selection, encore
piece, bit, 
piece, game piece, playing piece, die, dice, card, pack of cards, board
piercing, penetrating, ear-splitting, 
Pig
pig, hog, swine
pig, hog, warthog, peccary, javelina, hippopotamus
pigeon toed, knock-kneed, bow-legged, flat-footed, 
piglet, suckling
pigment
pigsty, sty, pigpen, barn, shed, stall
pile, stack, heap, 
pilfer, snitch, swipe, petty larceny, 
pilot
pimple, acne, zit, whitehead, blackhead, 
pinch (of salt), cut (of meat), slice (of bread), bite (of cake)
pinched, drawn, gaunt, hollow cheeks, 
pine away, 
pioneer, the first, 
pipe, water pipe, valve, faucet, joint, elbow, sections of pipe, water main, water meter, drain, sink
pipeline, pump, oil tanker, tank, tanker truck
pitch, tone, note, frequency, inflection, intonation, modulation, overtone, tune, tonality, 
pitiable, 
pitter-patter, drum, drip drip
place name 
Place of worship
place setting
place, order, rank, slot, grade, 
place, position, where something comes, 
place, where, somewhere, anywhere, everywhere, nowhere, each place, wherever, which way
placid, even-tempered, laid-back
plaid, tartan, 
plain, average, ordinary, 
Plain, plateau
plain, plateau, prairie, steppe, savanna, tundra, heath, mesa, field, meadow, pasture, flatland, tableland, bottomland, lowland, level ground, lowlands
plaintiff
plaintive, whiny
Plait hair
plait, braid
Plan
Plan a time
plan a time, set a date, schedule something, time something
plan, aim, objective, goal, purpose, program, scheme, 
plan, make plans, devise a plan, come up with a plan, contrive, mastermind, 
plane, sheet
Planet
planet, planetary, wandering star
plankton
Plant
Plant a field
Plant diseases
Plant product
plant, flora, greenery, vegetation, herbage
plant, plant vines, plant cuttings, transplant, 
planting season, growing season, harvest season, hunger season
plate, dinner plate, salad plate, bowl, cereal bowl
plateau, mesa, tableland
platonic, be just good friends, 
play a part, portray, role, part, 
play against, be against, versus, 
play basketball, shoot, shoot a free throw, score a basket, three point play, assist, block a shot, dribble, pass the ball, catch, screen, set up a play, run a play, jump, rebound, hit the boards, tip in, stuff, double dribble, walk, step out of bounds, throw out of bounds, foul, technical foul, charge, steal the ball, fast break, guard, play defense, play offense, substitute, huddle up, throw the ball in
Play music
play music/a piece, perform, hold a concert, make music, read music, play by ear, improvise
play, 
play, compete, competition, struggle, engage in a sport/contest, participate, exercise, physical exercise, train, training, calisthenics, warm up, workout, break the rules, pull ahead
Play, fun
play, have fun, goof off, frolic, amuse oneself/others, amusement, play games, caper, gambol, disport
play, listen, play back, put on
play, pluck, fiddle, blast, beat
player, 
player, contestant, team members, captain, star
player, playmate
playful, frolicsome, mischievous, frisky, prankish, jolly, rollicking
playground
playing field, track, court, arena, stadium, gym, gymnasium
playwright, play writer, dramatist
plea, entreaty
please, 
please, if you wouldn't mind, would you mind?
Pleased with
pleasure, comfort, 
plenty of, more than enough, bags of, in large quantities, plentiful, ample, abundant, an abundance of, in abundance, copious, galore, to spare, 
Plow a field
plow, cultivate, dig, hoe, harrow, make a row, plow a furrow, break up soil
plow, plow blade
pluck
plug your ears, cover your ears, stuff cotton in your ears, stick your fingers in your ears, earplugs
plumb line, 
plumb line, level, square
plumber
Plumber
plumbing, pipes
plump, chubby, 
Plunder
plunder, booty, loot, spoils
plunder, loot, despoil, pillage, sack, ransack, strip, rifle, forage, maraud, raid, piracy
plunderer, looter, forager, marauder, raider, pirate
plunge, plummet, 
Plural
plus, and, added to, 
poet
Poetry
poetry, poem, poetic, sonnet, verse, rhyme, nursery rhyme, ballad, epic poem
poinsettia, rose bush, bougainvillea
point
Point at
point, aspect, 
Point, dot
point, dot, polka dot, spot, pinpoint, speck, mote, jot, iota, fleck, period
point, implication, mean, be driving at, be trying to say, 
point, moment, 
Pointed
pointed
pointed, flat, turned-up, snub-nosed, stubby, wide, long, upturned, hooked, aquiline,
Poison
poison (v), 
poison ivy, hemlock, 
poison, toxin, 
poke, dig, jab, pierce, prick, stick
poke, give something a poke, prod, jab, dig someone in the ribs
poker, tongs, wick trimmer, snuffer, 
Poking tool
pole, pack, backpack, suitcase, case, briefcase, sling, stretcher, tray, grass ring for head, carrying basket for back, rope, string, liana
Police
police station, jail, prison, jailhouse, cell, 
police station, precinct, beat, 
police uniform, military uniform, nurse's uniform, band uniform
police, police officer, policeman, police force, chief of police, posse, 
policeman, guard, watchman, soldier, officer
polish
Polite
polite, civil, courteous, diplomatic, discreet, elegant, graceful, refined, respectful, smooth, suave, tactful, well-mannered, 
politeness, etiquette, formality, manners, courtesy, tact, 
politician, official, senator, member of parliament, congressman, councilor, deputy, dictator, diplomat, governor, legislator
Politics
politics, movement, machine, 
pollute, pollution, pollutant, acid rain, smog, deforestation, global warming, greenhouse effect
pollution, pollute, pollutant, smog, acid rain
polygamy, multiple wives
pool of blood, 
pool, stock, reserves, 
Poor
poor (person, man), destitute (person), needy, bankrupt, broke, needy, underprivileged, impoverished, 
Poor eyesight
poor person, tramp, bum, hobo, beggar, homeless person
poppy, pyrethrum, quinine, aloe
Popular
popular, be in demand, sought-after, be big, best-seller, blockbuster, hit
popular, well-liked, be in favor, 
popularity, 
popularize, 
population
pork, sausage, ham, pork chop, gammon steak, pork tenderloin
portable
porter, bearer, carrier, courier, 
portion, helping, serving, intake, ration, measure, 
portion, piece, last piece, slice, share
portrait, landscape, seascape, still life
position, post, office, 
position, view, outlook, perspective, leaning, opinion
possess, inhabit, demonize, torture, haunt, trouble
possession, 
Possession, property
possessions, property
Possible
possible, possibly, could, might, may, able, maybe, perhaps, sort of, I guess so
post office, postal service, 
postman, 
Postpone
postpone, put off, delay, reschedule, be put back, defer, table (v), 
Posture
posture, stance, pose, position
pot, pan, frying pan, baking pan, casserole dish, cookie sheet, kettle
potato, carrot, sweet potato, cassava, cocoyam, taro, yam, beets, ginger
potato, potato vine, potato mound
potato, sweet potato, carrot, onion, beet, cassava, yam, ginger
pothole, road gone to pot, rutted, washboard, dusty, rough, broken pavement, cracked pavement, worn pavement, full of holes, in need of repair
potion, herb
potter
potter's wheel, sponge, kiln, brick form, form for tile, mold
Poultry raising
poultry, chicken, duck, goose, turkey, pigeon, canary, parrot, guinea fowl
Pound in mortar and pestle
pound, hit, smack, club
pound, race, rapid heart beat, 
Pounding tool
Pour
pour (out), empty (v), dump (out), douse, drench, pump, 
pour, come out, flow, drip, leak, ooze, gush, spurt, squirt
pour, dip out, wring out, wring from, squeeze out, suck out, pump, milk, soak up, absorb, absorbent
pour, dump, spill
pour, stream from, spurt, gush, 
pour, tip, sprinkle, empty, spill, decant
poverty, 
Power, force
power, force, energy
Practice religion
practice sorcery, do magic, work magic, cast a spell, put a spell on, put a curse on, bewitch, conjure, invoke, enchant, bedevil, entrance (v), mesmerize, wave a wand, jinx, 
practice your religion, serve God
practice, doctor (v), be in medicine, 
Praise
praise (n), acclaim, accolade, adoration, approval, bouquet, commendation, compliment (n), credit, eulogy, glory, honor (n), kudos, paean, panegyric, plaudit, recognition, tribute, 
praise the Lord, hallelujah, hosanna, 
praise, acclaim, approve, commend, compliment, eulogize, exalt, extol, glorify, honor (v), give credit, recognize, laud, magnify, sing your praises, speak well of, express your approval, go into raptures over, 
praiseworthy, commendable, commendatory, creditable, laudable, laudatory
Pray
pray, talk to God, beseech
prayer, singing hymns, praising God
prayer, supplication, intercession, petition, thanksgiving, grace, benediction
precious, semiprecious, facet, glitter, sparkle, lustrous
predecessor, forerunner, precursor, ex-(wife/president), 
Predict
Prefer
prefer to do something, prefer doing something, would prefer to do something, would rather do something, would sooner do something, be in favor of doing something, 
prefer, preferably, in preference to, favor, like something better, like this more than that, have a preference, give me something any day!, be partial to
preferable, preferred, favored, 
Pregnancy
pregnancy, gestation period, term, full term, trimester, antenatal, prenatal, 
pregnant, big as a house, expectant, expecting, 
premises, grounds, compound, 
Prepare
prepare field, clear field
Prepare something for use
prepare, get something ready, 
prepare, preparations, make preparations, get ready, ready something
Prepared food
prepared, ready
prepared, ready, 
Prepositions, postpositions
prescribe, prescription, 
prescription, prescribe, 
Present
present, now, right now, is (being/doing/happening), the present day, today, 
preservation, embalming, mummification, 
preservative, salt, formaldehyde, embalming fluid, canning jar, 
preserve
Preserve
preserve, put up, treat, conserve, maintain, keep up, sustain, take care of, 
preserved, well-preserved, unspoiled, 
preserver of the fire, 
president, MP, congressman, senator, legislator, cabinet member, minister, ambassador, civil servant, lawyer, lobbyist, tax collector, customs officer
Press
press, push on, apply pressure
pressure, put pressure on
presumption, credulous, gullible, superstitious, unquestioning
pretend not to notice, pretend not to see, look right through, snub, cut someone dead, shut out, 
Prevent
Prevent from moving
prevent someone from, keep someone from, avert, avoid, check, frustrate, nip in the bud, obviate, pre-empt, pre-emption, prevention, prohibit, stave off, stop, stopping, constrain, impose, hinder, impede, limit, overcome, prevail, 
prevent, immobilize, keep, restrain, control, quarantine, restrict, 
previous (day), last (night), the (week) before, the preceding (year)
previous, old, last (adj), earlier, former, prior, preceding, recent, preliminary, 
previous, preceding, earlier, the one before, 
Price
price, set price, fix price, raise price, lower price, value, charge
pride, self-esteem, self-respect, 
pride, sense of achievement, aloofness, arrogance, audacity, conceit, egotism, flashiness, haughtiness, hauteur, loftiness, ostentation, pretension, self-importance, self-respect, self-will, showiness, snobbery, snobbishness, vanity, 
priest, father, bishop, archbishop, Cardinal, pope, man of the cloth
Primary cases
primary color, secondary color, earth color, warm color, cool color, infrared, 
Primate
primate, ape, monkey, anthropoid
primeval, antediluvian, mediaeval, primordial, 
print
prison warden, prison guard, jailer, keeper, turnkey, warder
prison, brig, can, concentration camp, correctional institution, death camp, dungeon, house of correction, jail, jailhouse, county jail, joint, pen, penal colony, penitentiary, federal penitentiary, pound, reformatory, slammer, stockade, 
Prisoner of war
prisoner of war, captive
prisoner, jailbird, captive, felon, convict, inmate, prisoner of war
Private, public
private, secret, personal, innermost
prize, cup, trophy, wreath, flowers, medal, gold medal, silver medal, bronze medal, blue ribbon, prize money, champion's belt, applause, cheers, plaudits, kudos, fame
prize, winnings, jackpot, trophy, cup, 
Probably 
probably, likely, probable, be a strong possibility, it looks as if, it looks like, chances are, may well, be in the cards, as likely as not, I wouldn't be surprised if, I dare say, I should think, I guess
probably, likely, probable, it looks as if, it's a fair bet, may well, may easily, as likely as not, I should think
Problem
problem, bind, conundrum, difficulty, dire straits, fix, jam, mess, misfortune, pickle, pinch, plight, predicament, scrape, trouble, 
problem, equation, square root, squared, graph, axis, 
Process harvest
process harvest, shell groundnuts, shell beans, remove beans from pods, husk corn, remove leaves from maize cob, remove maize from the cob, dry, separate bad from good
procession, give (the bride) away, speech, wedding vows, pronouncement, reception, toast, 
produce gas, give off fumes
produce urine, store urine
Produce wealth
produce, cause to be, make to be, make, make into, result in, bring upon, bring about
produce, make, manufacture, supply
product, 
productive, prolific, 
proficient, businesslike, practical, thorough
profit, income, take (n)
program, ad
program, article
program, schedule, agenda
progressive, innovative, forward-looking, move with the times, go-ahead, 
Prohibited food
prohibited food, taboo food, unclean
Promise
promise (n), commitment, assurance, guarantee, pledge, plight, troth, word
promise, agree, commit, guarantee, assure, swear, 
promote, upgrade, elevate, 
Prompters of attention 
pronoun
Pronouns
pronunciation
pronunciation, pronounce, stress, tone, vocalization, 
proof
prop (up)
prop, scenery, backdrop, curtain
prop, support, brace, retaining wall
property line, boundary marker
property, belongings, household goods
property, wealth, riches, belongings, real estate
Prophecy
prophecy, prediction, prophetic utterance
prophesy, foretell the future, predict the future
prophet, prophetess
prophetic
propose a toast
propose, recommend, put forward, put something before someone, submit, present, 
prosecutor, district attorney, prosecuting attorney, attorney general
prospecting, pan for gold
Prosperity
prosperity and trouble, good and evil, ying and yang
Prosperity, trouble
prostitute (oneself), prostitution, solicit sex, sell (oneself)
prostitute, hooker, call-girl, harlot, whore, rent boy, 
Protect
protect, protection, protective, guard, safeguard, fortify, secure, watch, keep safe, keep, insulate, encircle, defend, defense
protector, guard, watchman, defender, advocate, sentry, bodyguard, defensive force
Protest
protest (adj), 
protest (n), demonstration, march, rally, riot, unrest, civil disobedience, peaceful demonstration, placard, 
protest (n), objection, remonstrance, 
protest (v), object to, remonstrate, speak out against, 
protest, demonstrate, march, boycott, riot, in protest, 
protester, demonstrator, dissident, marcher, objector, 
prototype, original (n), 
Proud
proud, 
proud, aloof, arrogant, bigheaded, boastful, brash, conceited, contemptuous, egocentric, egotistic, egotistical, hoity-toity, imperious, inflated, lofty, ostentatious, pretentious, prideful, proud hearted, puffed up, self-aggrandizing, self-confident, uppity, vain, 
proverbial, axiomatic, pithy, succinct, terse, 
Provide for, support
provide for, support, furnish, supply
provider, means of support, supplier
provisions, support (n), supply (n)
prune, seedling, graft
pruning hook, pruning shears
psychiatrist, shrink, analyst, psychiatry, psychologist, psychoanalyst, psychoanalysis, psychotherapist, psychotherapy, 
psychologist, psychiatrist, exorcist, 
psychology, life of the soul
ptui, 
puberty, childbearing age, become sexually active
public school, state school, private school, boarding school, co-educational, comprehensive school, religious school, seminary, academy
publication date, appear, come out
publication, edition, issue
Publish
publish, engrave, in print, out of print, copyright, censor, censorship, desktop publishing
publisher
pudgy, flabby, full, thick, ample, podgy, 
Pull
pull ahead, 
pull at, pull on, give something a pull, tug at, give something a tug
pull down, pull up, pull across, pull out
pull on, pull over, pull something over on top of you
pull out of the fire, snatch from the flames, 
pull out, draw out, pluck, tear out
pull something away/from/out/apart, wrench something open/off/away, tear something out/from/away/down
pull, pull back, bring back, draw, tug
pull, strain, tear, cramp, spasm, convulsion, 
pull, tow, take in tow, draw, trail something behind you
pump, 
pump, generator, grinder, mill, computer, 
pump, siphon, suck, suction
punctual, prompt, 
Punish
punish, discipline, penalty, consequence, punishment, sentence, 
pupil, student, 
puppy, pup, whelp
purchase, merchandise, goods
pure, mixed, tinge, primary color, secondary color, tertiary color, 
pure, pristine, sheer, solid, unadulterated, unblended, uncombined, uncompounded, undiluted, unmixed, unpolluted, untainted, 100%, 
Pure, unmixed
purify, distill, refine, 
purify, purification, cleanse, cleansing, wash, washing, sprinkle, sprinkling, baptize, baptism, 
purple cloth, crown, royal robes
purple, violet, amethyst, crocus, hyacinth, lavender, lilac, liver-colored, magenta, maroon, mauve, mulberry, plum, plum-colored, royal purple, 
Purpose 
Purpose, goal
purpose, goal, aim (n), design (n), desire (n), destination, end, function, idea, intent, intention, object, objective, plan, the point, proposal, reason, target, use (n), 
purposeless, without purpose, lack a goal, aimless, drifting, no direction, 
Pursue
pursue, hunt down, look for, post want ads
pursuer, 
pus, pustule, 
push
Push
push aside, push out of the way
push in, squeeze in, jam in, force, stuff
push on, press
push out, eject, squeeze out, expel
push over, topple
push something, push away, give something a push, move something forward, advance something, thrust, nudge, give impetus, impel
push, shove, press, force your way, jostle, elbow, barge
Put
put a knife to your throat, 
put above, place over
Put aside
put aside, put to the side, put beside, move aside, push aside
put aside, put to the side, put beside, put next to you, push aside, push to the side, move aside, move to the side
Put down
put down, set, lay
put down, suppress, 
Put in
Put in back
put in back, place in back, put behind, place in the rear
Put in front
put in front, place in front, advance something
put in plumbing, fix a pipe, fix a leak, to thread a pipe
put in prison, imprison, to jail, incarcerate, lock up, confine, put in irons, send to prison, commit, put away, captivity, 
put in, put inside, move in, insert, introduce, inject, implant, penetrate, pierce, inset, inlay, pack in, stuff in, load
put in/into/inside, slide something into, tuck in/into/under, insert
put off, procrastinate, 
put on makeup, apply cosmetics, make up, powder your nose
put on top, superimpose
put on weight, gain weight, fill out, get fat, 
put someone in their place, wipe the smile off someone's face, cut someone down to size,  
put things away, store, open a drawer, close a drawer, put things on a shelf
put to sleep, put to bed
put under, put underneath
put your foot in it, faux pas, gaffe, boo-boo, indiscretion, 
put your shoulder into it
put yourself down, run yourself down, sell yourself short, underestimate yourself, 
put, install, lodge, mount, place (v), position (v), set, situate, sling, stash, stow, 
put, place, position, post
Put: John <put> the knife on the table.
Q-tip
quack
quaint, old-time, of the old school, olde worlde, 
Quality
quality, condition, state, character, nature, feature
Quantity
Quarrel
quarrel (n), altercation, arguing, argument, bickering, contention, controversy, disagreement, dispute (n), feud (n), fight (n), fracas, row (n), ruckus, rumpus, spat, squabble (n), tiff, wrangle (n), wrangling, friendly argument, heated debate, 
quarrel (v), altercate, argue, bicker, clash, contend with, differ, disagree, dispute (v), dissent, feud (v), fight (v), quibble, row (v), scrap, squabble (v), wrangle (v), find fault with, 
quarrelsome, contentious, argumentative, combative, pugnacious, faultfinding
quarry
queen (ant, bee), worker, drone (bee), soldier
queen (king's wife), prince (king's son), princess (king's daughter), duke (king's brother), duchess (king's sister), queen mother (king's mother), former king (king's father), noble, nobleman
Question words
question, inquiry, interrogation, interview
Quick
quick, fast, rapid, 
quick, quickly, rapidly
quick, sharp, whiz, be quick on the uptake, be on the ball, think on your feet
quickly 
Quiet
quiet someone down, silence (v), hush, muffle, turn down, shut someone up, 
quiet, low, soft, muffled, faint, muted, weak, 
quiet, peace and quiet, hush, 
quiet, silent, 
quiver, string, arrowhead, shaft, feather
quota, load, 
quotation, 
quotient, 
rabbit, cottontail, hare, pika
Race
race, color, ethnic group, racial, racially, ethnic, ethnicity, 
race, dash, marathon, long/short distance race, racecourse
race, gallop, dash, make a dash, tear (along), streak, double time, sprint, charge, dart, scurry, scuttle, scamper, scoot, stampede, bound, bolt
rack, screw, thumbscrew, 
radiation, scan, 
Radio, television
radio, television
radio, television, newspaper, magazine
rafter, pole, center pole, horizontal pole, pillar, roofing, tin sheet, thatch, leaf roof, shingle, brick, iron rod, mud, reed, wattle, paint, board, beam
rafter, truss, center pole, ridgepole, eaves, rain gutter, peak, corner, dormer window, chimney
Railroad
railroad, railway, station
Rain
rain (v), fall, pelt, splatter, drench, water (v)
rain or shine, all weather, in all weathers
rain, build, rise, gather, disperse, billow, blow, blown by the wind, move across the sky, threatening, shadow, obscure, hide (the sun)
rain, precipitation, rainfall
rainbow
rainbow-hued, iridescence, iridescent, prismatic, opalescence, opalescent, pearly, 
raindrop, drop, 
rainwater, puddle, run-off
rainy season, monsoon, the rains
rainy, wet
raise (eyebrows), jut (chin)
raise, heighten, 
raise, stand something up, stand something on end, erect, set up, rear
raise, stir up, settle, hang in the air, fly, cling (to clothes)
raised, elevated, 
raised, heightened, 
ram, ewe
range, reach (n), extent, 
rank, enlisted man, noncommissioned officer, commissioned officer, officer, commanding officer, commander, commandant, rank and file, 
rape, rapist, force, sexually assault, 
rare, infrequent, 
rarely, infrequently, 
rat, mouse, squirrel, chipmunk, marmot, beaver, porcupine, capybara, cavy, chinchilla, coypu, gerbil, gopher, hamster, lemming, muskrat, vole, woodchuck
rattle, pacifier, dummy, 
rattlesnake, python, boa, anaconda, cobra, viper, mamba, sea snake, adder, anaconda, asp, boa, bushmaster, cobra, copperhead, cottonmouth, fer-de-lance, mamba, water moccasin, python, racer, rattler, rattlesnake, sidewinder, viper
raw, rare, medium, well done, under done, under cooked, over cooked, burnt, burned to a crisp, crispy, charred, just right
ray, beam, shaft, sunbeam, moonbeam, 
razor blade, bandage, anesthesia, antiseptic
razor, safety razor, razorblade, razor strap, shaving cream, shaving soap, shaving brush
reach for, grab at/for, snatch at
reach, attain, surpass
React, respond
react, respond, 
reaction, response, feedback, backlash, 
reactions, reflexes, 
Read
read a map, look for something on the map, find something on the map, trace a route
read, decipher
reader, readership, circulation
Reading and writing
reading and writing, literacy
Real
real estate agent
real, actual, genuine, 
Realize
realize, occur to, dawn on, become aware that, strike, hit, sink in, wake up to the fact that, it clicked, 
really confused, totally out of it, shocked
Rear a child
rearrange, rearrangement, reorder, reordering, reform, reformation
Reason
reason, explanation,  
reason, motive, motivation
reason, why, for what reason, for some reason, for any reason, for each and every reason, for no reason, why ever
reasonable
reassure, reassuring, reassurance, put your mind at rest, put someone at their ease, put someone out of their misery, 
reassure, reassuring, reassurance, reassuringly, 
Rebel against authority
rebel cause, rebel movement
rebel, activist, agitator, anarchist, belligerent, conspirator, extremist, guerrilla, insurgent, liberationist, militant, mutineer, rabble-rouser, radical, rebel, revolutionary, revolutionist, terrorist
rebel, revolt, resist, rise up, rise against, mutiny, overthrow
rebellion, revolt, revolution, sedition, insurrection, insurgency, mutiny, civil disobedience, coup, coup d'etat, counterrevolution, putsch, takeover, uprising, 
rebellious, revolutionary, defiant, mutinous, radical
rebuff (n), slight (n), snub (n), 
Rebuke
rebuke, chew out, reprimand, scold, reprove, excoriate, censor, verbal abuse, yell at, lecture, call on the carpet, lay out, tell off
recede
receipt, ticket
Receive
receive criticism, come in for criticism, be under attack, come under attack, get a lot of flak, take a lot of flak, be open to criticism, 
receive, take, accept, pick up, get, obtain, gain
recent, latest, 
Recently
recently, lately, in recent weeks/months, in the last/past few weeks/months, for the last/past few weeks/months, 
recently, not long ago, a short time ago, newly, freshly, a little while back, a short while ago, a little while ago, 
recipe, ingredients, instructions, measurements
Recipient (of a patient)
reciprocate, give back, 
recite
recognizable, familiar, unmistakable
Recognize
Reconcile
Record
record (n), chart (n), document (n), register (n), archives, chronicle
record, keep a record, put on record, chart, document, register
record, make a recording, cut a record, tape
Recorded music
recount, renumber
recover damages, render a guilty verdict, hand down a conviction
Recover from sickness
recover from, get over, shake off, 
recover, get better, make a slow/quick/complete recovery, get well, feel better, improve, be on the mend, respond to treatment, regain your health, gain strength, make good progress, 
recreation, leisure, 
recreational activity, amusement, competition, recreation, leisure, play, hobby, distraction, diversion, entertainment, frolic, fun, merriment, pastime, revelry, romp, shindig
recriminations, 
rectangular, round, one story, two story, duplex, bungalow, apartment, apartment building, flat, duplex, ranch style, mansion, castle, man's house, wife's house, 
recuperate, convalesce, 
red, beet-red, blood-red, blush, brick-red, cardinal, carmine, carnelian, cherry, Chinese red, claret, coral, crimson, fiery, fire-red, flame-colored, incarnadine, lobster, lobster-colored, madder, pink, puce, roan, rose, rose-colored, roseate, rosy, rouge, ruby-red, ruddy, scarlet, vermilion, wine, 
reduce, cut down on, scale down, scale back, cut back, trim, pare down, downsize, scrimp, 
reduce, lessen, relieve, ease, alleviate, deaden, dull, take the edge off, allay, mitigate, 
reduce, lower, decrease, cut, slash, roll back, knock down, halve, minimize, abbreviate, abridge, curtail, dilate, drain, 
reduce, lower, turn down, 
reduction, contraction, decrease (n), 
reed, palm leaf, rope, string
reed, papyrus, rush, cane, sugarcane, bamboo
referee, tester, 
referee, to referee, referee's whistle, umpire, to umpire, official, commissioner, timekeeper, to keep time, call time, stop play, to rule
refill, replenish, top up, top off, 
refine
reflect off, bounce off
Reflect, mirror
reflect, mirror (v), 
reflection, mirror image, 
reflective, 
Reflexive pronouns
reform, grow up, mature, mend your ways, turn over a new leaf, shape up, improve, go straight, overcome your past
refrigerator, freezer, icebox, cupboard, pantry
refusal, rejection, 
refuse advice, ignore advice
Refuse permission
refuse permission, deny permission, forbid, prohibit, 
Refuse to do something
refuse to greet, snub, ignore
refuse to obey/listen, won't listen to reason, stick to your guns, 
refuse, deny, withhold
refuse, refusal, flatly refuse, refuse point-blank, not agree to, will not, say no, decline, shake your head, turn down, dig your heels in, slam the door in someone's face, draw the line at, have none of
regain consciousness, come to, come out of the coma
Region
region, land, territory, territorial
register, roll, roster
regret, rue the day
Regular
regular, regularly, at regular intervals, every day, daily, be punctuated by, with great regularity, routine, like clockwork
regulation of trade, regulation of finance, coinage, printing money, public works, keeping the peace, waging war, putting down rebellion, passing laws, enforcing the law, punishing crime, 
reincarnation, reincarnated, 
reindeer moss
Reject
reject, not accept, refuse, decline, turn down, take a rain check, have nothing to do with, turn up your nose at, throw out, say no to, veto, vote against, give something the thumbs down, dismiss, rebuff
rejoice, feel good, be in a good mood
rekindle
relate to, associate with, affiliate with, participate with, partner with, fellowship with, interact with, be acquainted with, work with, collaborate, have a relationship, going together, going out, going steady
Related by birth
related by blood, be descended from, descent, direct line, lineal descent, consanguine, 
Related by marriage
related by marriage
related, associated, allied, 
Relational tenses
Relations involving correspondences
Relationships
Relative pronouns
Relative time
relative to, in relation to, before or after
relative, in-law, kinsman, relation, distant relation, distantly related, extended family, folk, house, household, kin, kindred, kinfolk, kinsman, kinswoman, 
relax (your posture), slouch, lean back, slump
relax someone, put someone at ease, make someone feel at home, 
relax, rest, unbend, unwind, feel at home, feel at ease, be at ease, take it easy, take things easy, make yourself at home, loosen up, let your hair down, let yourself go, 
relaxation, comfort, 
Relaxed
relaxed (posture), (stand/be) at ease, be a slouch, slouch around, lounge, sprawl, droop, sag, loll
Relaxed posture
relaxed, at ease, calm, comfortable, laid-back, uninhibited
relaxing, 
release someone from a promise, 
release, let go of, 
release, let go, let out of prison, set free
relevant, pertinent, clear, clearly, obvious, 
Reliable
reliable, responsible, faithful, honest, 
relief
Relief
relief, relieved, be a weight off your mind, relax, 
relieve someone's suffering, bring relief, give relief, allay, alleviate, assuage, ease someone's load, lighten someone's load, mitigate, bring respite, soften the blow, soothe
relieve swelling, reduce swelling, go down
relieve the boredom
relieve, relief, soothe, treat, alleviate, painkiller, anesthetize, anesthetic, 
Religion
religion, faith
religion, religious system, faith
Religious ceremony
religious ceremony, worship service, church service, time of prayer, prayer meeting, Bible study, liturgy, invocation
Religious organization
Religious person
Religious purification
Religious things
religious, sacred, spiritual
rely on, depend on 
remain, persist, persistence, survive, survival, survivor, 
Remain, remainder
remainder, difference, 
remaining, last, outstanding, spare, leftover, residual, surplus, surviving, 
remains, bones, skeleton, 
remarry, remarriage, 
remarry, second marriage
Remember
remember, recall, remind oneself, call to mind, bring to mind, think of, recognize, recognition, recollect, review, come (back) to, mindful, heed, think, in retrospect, 
Remind
remind someone of, be reminiscent of, echo, 
remind, be a reminder, bring back memories, take someone back, drag up, rake up, evoke, evocative, make someone think of, 
remind, bring up, prompt, jog someone's memory, jog your mind, 
remind, jog someone's memory, refresh someone's memory, prompt, be a reminder, reminder, 
reminder, note, memo, memorandum, cue, souvenir, memorial, remembrance, 
reminisce, recall, think back on
remote, isolated, out of the way, off the beaten track, secluded, miles from anywhere, in the middle of nowhere, way out, backwater, backcountry, boondocks, boonies, hicks, out in the sticks
removable, temporary (ink), non-permanent, 
removal, extraction, 
Remove shell, skin
remove, removal, take off, detach, tear off, break off, cut off, cut away
Remove, take apart
renew, renewal, freshen, modernize, modernization, recondition, reconditioning, refresh, refurbish, refurbishing, rejuvenate, rejuvenation, renovate, restore, update, bring something up to date, 
Renounce claim, concede
renounce claim, concede, relinquish, cede, no contest, concession, disclaim, disclaimer
rent, hire, lease, charter
reorganize, reorganization, adjust, reform, reorder, reordering, 
Repair
repair, fix, mend, restore, restoration, undo, correct, rebuild, right, put to rights
repair, restore, restoration, fix up, 
Repay debt
repay, return, restore (to rightful owner)
Repeat
repeat, quote, echo, parrot, regurgitate
repeat, repeat yourself, say again, iterate, recapitulate, reiterate, reaffirm
repeated, repeatedly, recurrent, recurring, repetitive, again and again, over and over again, always, never stop, 
repel
Repent
repent, have a change of heart, reverse your behavior, reform, go straight
repentance, reformation, reversal, change of heart
repetition, 
repetition, recapitulation
replace, put back, return (something), return to its place, restore to owner
reply, contradict, say in rebuttal, rebuttal, refute, rejoinder
Report
report, account
report, reputation, reward, 
reporter, anchorman, disk jockey
reporter, editor, newsboy
Represent
represent, act for, 
representative, contingent, envoy, delegate, delegation, deputation, mission, mouthpiece, spokesman, 
reproach (n), 
reproduce, breed, reproduction, 
reproductive organs, sexual organs, genitals, gonad, pubes, privates, 
reproductive, genital, sexual, 
reproductive, genital, sexual, vaginal, menstrual, 
Reptile
reptile, reptilian
reputable, of repute, prestigious, 
Reputation
reputation, standing, image, name, character, 
Request
Request forgiveness
request, make a request, ask for something, ask somebody to do something, appeal, make an appeal, petition, requisition, solicit, apply, consult, 
resemble, bear a resemblance to, akin to, have an affinity with, the same sort of, 
reservoir, cistern, water tank, water barrel, bucket, jerry can, water tower
reservoir, man-made lake, catchment area
resign from a group, quit
resounding, rumble, booming, 
respiratory disease, tuberculosis, angina, asthma, asthmatic, pneumonia, emphysema, grippe, hay fever, bronchitis, 
Respond to someone in trouble
Respond to trouble
respond, help, go to help, come to the aid of
response, help, aid
responsible
responsible, 
responsible, responsibility, obligation
responsive 
Rest
rest, relaxation, break, tea/coffee break, siesta, time off, time out, holiday, respite, sabbatical, leisure time, 
rest, take a rest, have a rest, lie down, put your feet up, relax, laze, take it easy, chill out, take a break, catch your breath, take a breather, take a respite, take a sabbatical, take it easy, unwind, take a vacation, recharge your batteries, repose, at ease, get your breath back, sit back, 
restart, bring back, reintroduce, revive, restore, resurrect, 
restaurant, bar, pub, tavern, 
restful, relaxing, 
restitution, compensation, damages, reparations, indemnity, 
restrain, control, to handcuff, tie up, put in chains, to bind, put in the stocks, to gag
restraints, handcuffs, chains, bonds, stocks, gag
Result
result, outcome, end, to result in, to lead to, wages, to end up being, have as a consequence, therefore, so then, consequently, as a result, for this reason, with the result that, so that as a result, to cause, which caused, so that, that, accordingly, then, hence, and so, yield, has the effect of 
resurrect, raise from the dead, bring back to life, bring back from the dead
resurrect, resurrection, resuscitate, revive, rise again, rise from the dead, regenerate, bring back to life
Resurrection
resuscitate, acupuncture, blood transfusion, 
retake, resit, 
retch, heave, gag, 
retie
retire, retirement, retired, retiree, pension, pensioner, old age pensioner, 
retributive, 
Return
Return something
return to, go back to, get back to, resume, resumption, bring back, revive, revival, 
return, come back, move back
reunite, reassemble, rejoin, re-glue, reattach, refasten, put back together
revel in, get a kick out of, take delight in, relish, gloat, take pleasure in, delight in, wallow in, 
Revenge
revenge, get revenge, take revenge, in revenge, avenge, get back at, get even with, pay back, repay, requite, retaliate, in retaliation, retribution, wreak vengeance, I'll get you for this, be out to get, 
revenge, reprisal, requital, retaliation, retribution, tit-for-tat, vendetta, vengeance, 
reverberate, resonate, resound, ring, roll, 
review, revise (British)
revolutionary, reformer, radical
revolve (around the sun), orbit, 
Reward
reward, recompense
rhyme, rhythm
rice paddy, transplant seedling
rice, wheat, corn, maize, barley, sesame, millet, sorghum, oat, 
rice, wheat, maize
Rich
rich, wealthy, affluent, prosperous, well-off, privileged, 
Riddle
riddle, conundrum, enigma, puzzle, problem
ride
ride, ride the rails, go on the train
right
right-handed
Right time
right, bang, smack, plumb, 
Right, left
Right, proper
right, proper, acceptable, appropriate, apt, correct, fitting, suitable, be the done thing, be the way it's done, in keeping with, 
right, proper, accepted, approved, appropriate, correct, 
right, proper, applicable, apposite, apropos, becoming, befitting, correspond, correspondent, corresponding, decent, due, expected, felicitous, germane, meet, opportune, pertinent, pleasing, principled, properly, right-minded, rightful, smart, suitable, suited, timely, well, well-timed, 
right, properly, correctly, by the book, 
rim, lip, brim, 
ring, bracelet, watch, armband, cuff link, bangle, 
ring, toll, chime, buzz, peal, tinkle, 
ringleader, follower, hanger-on, adherent
Riot
riot (n), civil disobedience, civil disturbance, clash, commotion, confrontation, disorder, disorderly conduct, disturbance, frenzy, furor, melee, outbreak, rampage, tumult, turbulence, turmoil, unrest, upheaval, uproar
riot (v), loot, disturb the peace, go on a frenzy, go on a rampage, be in an uproar, run amuck, 
rioter, mob, rabble, 
riotous, convulsive, disorderly, tumultuous, turbulent, 
ripe
ripen, age (cheese), allow cream to rise, allow bread to rise, 
rise
rise (n), ascension, ascent, 
rise to the surface, surface (v), float to the surface
rise, ascend, gain height, 
rise, fall, ebb, come in, go out
rise, ferment
rise, set, cross the sky, come up, go down, sink
rise, set, sink
rise, soar, 
Risk
risk your life, 
risk, run a risk, expose (oneself to danger), hazard, wager, dare
Ritual scar
River
river, stream, streamlet, creek, brook, brooklet, rill, rivulet
Road
road map, street map, contour map, geographical map, political map
road repairs, repaving, repairing, fixing, detour, fill holes, patching holes
road, street, lane, path, footpath, way, avenue, boulevard, highway, freeway, thoroughfare, divided highway, paved road, dirt road, improved road, unimproved road
roar
roar with laughter, laugh uproariously, howl with laughter, shriek with laughter, hearty laugh, peals of laughter, laugh helplessly, laugh your head off, laugh hysterically, have hysterics, roll in the aisle, almost die laughing, double up, convulsed with laughter, split your sides
roast beef, steak, fried chicken, fish and chips, hamburger, hotdog, pizza, spaghetti, casserole, lasagna, stew
rob, mug, pickpocket, pick someone's pocket, snatch someone's purse, 
robust, have a strong constitution, 
Rock
rock (house, ground), shake (house, ground), crack (ground), knock down (things), cause (buildings) to collapse, ground splits, earth shifts
rock, stone, bedrock
Rocky Mountains, Sierras, Appalachian Mountains 
rocky, stony
rod, 
Rodent
rodent
roll a die, flip a coin, draw straws, pick names out of a hat, rock-paper-scissors, pick a card (out of a deck), count off, decide who goes first
Roll up
roll up, scroll, curl
roll, scroll, curl, spiral
roll, turn, rotate, spin
Romantic love
Roof
roof, ceiling
roofing material, tile roof, tile, tin roof, tin sheet, shingle, wooden shingle, asphalt shingle, shake, thatched roof, thatch, grass roof, grass, straw, palm leaf, sod, canvas (tent)
Room
room
room temperature, ambient temperature, 
room, living room, sitting room, parlor, dining room, bedroom, kitchen, closet, hall, passage, passageway, entry, pantry, garage, storeroom, storage room, laundry room, utility room, den, study, family room, breakfast nook, billiard room, conservatory, library, stair, stairway, stairwell, stairs, porch, front porch, back porch, patio, balcony, basement, attic, workroom, workshop, guestroom, guest bedroom, 
roost, (hen) gathers chicks
root out, uproot, dig out, pull up, weed out, grub up, rake out
root, stem, affix, prefix, suffix, ending, morpheme, 
root, trunk, stalk, branch, stem, leaf
root, tuber, tubercle, bulb, taproot, runner, root hairs, rootstock
root, uproot
root, yell, cheer, shout encouragement, support their team, boo the referee
Rope, string
rope, string, band, bindings, bonds, cable, chain, cord, lace, lashing, line, ribbon, rubber band, shoelace, shoestring, strap, thong, twine, binder twine, wire, 
rose, carnation, orchid, sunflower
rot, 
rotate, spin, wheel, twirl, whirl, gyrate, roll, gyrate, revolve, swivel
rotifer
rotten, bad, stale, moldy, sour, rancid, off, tainted, 
rotten, cracked, broken
rotten, decayed, moldy, mildewed, putrid, rotted, carious, 
Rough
rough (seas), storm-tossed (sea), raging (sea), seethe, choppy
rough it, austere, austerity, Spartan
rough, bumpy, uneven, lumpy, hilly, rolling, mountainous, 
rough, throaty, husky, gruff, hoarse, 
rough, uneven, rutted, grooved, scraped up, scratched, corrugated
roughly, more or less, somewhat, 
Round
round (off), roll into a ball, make a ball of, loop
round, circular, spherical, globular, ball shaped, ring
rounded to the nearest ten/hundred/thousand, round up, round down, 
roundworm, hookworm, pinworm
rout, thrash, skunk, smash, slaughter, clobber, hammer, lick, trounce, 
routine, act, ride, float, booth, 
row, paddle, sail, push a boat with a pole, pole a boat, bale out water
royal family, royalty, nobility
royal, queenly, princely, noble
royal, regal, imperial, kingly, presidential, majestic
Rub
rub (your eyes), cover (your eyes)
rub, chafe, rasp, 
rude, impolite, ill-mannered, discourteous, unpleasant, offensive, loutish, churlish, impudent, cheeky, impertinent, insolent, disrespectful, sassy 
rude, uncomely, uncouth, ungainly, ungraceful, unseemly, 
ruin, destroy, wreck, screw up, spoil everything, 
ruin, wreck, wreckage, shipwreck, 
Rule
rule, reign, be in power
Ruler
ruler, highest ruler, supreme authority, head of state, leader of the country, emperor, king, president, premier, chancellor, prime minister, Caesar, pharaoh, chief, paramount chief, chieftain, chief of state
ruler, straightedge
ruler, tape measure
rumble, grumble, gurgle
run
Run
run after, chase, in pursuit, pursue, be on someone's heels, chase after, go after, give chase, come after, be after, hunt, 
run aground, shipwreck, maroon
run away, run off, bolt, run for it, make a run for it, take to your heels, scatter, run for your life, 
run submerged, swim underwater
run, gallop, trot, canter, buck, kick, race, charge
run, runny nose, be stuffed up
runaway, fugitive, escapee, refugee, 
russet, bay, palomino, sable, tortoise-shell, 
Rust
rust, corrode, oxidize, tarnish, rust away, 
rust, tarnish, 
rusty, corroded, tarnished, rusted, eaten away, eaten through, 
rut, groove, furrow, groove, wrinkle
sable, wolverine
sack lunch, picnic lunch, dried food, C-rations, fast food
Sacred writings
sacred writings, Scripture, Bible, the Good Book, Gospel
sacrifice, offer a sacrifice, offer up, burn on the altar, devote, consecrate
sacrifice, offering, burnt offering, votive offering, gift
sacrifice, offering, devotion, consecration
sacrificial (giving, lamb), devoted, consecrated
Sad
sad, crestfallen, dejected, disappointed, discouraged, doleful, down, downcast, downhearted, fed up, forlorn, gloomy,  glum, grouchy, grumpy, with a heavy heart, homesick, low, melancholy, morose, mournful, pensive, sober (adj), solemn, sorry, sorrowful, sullen, unhappy, wistful, woeful, 
sad, depressing, grievous, heartbreaking, plaintive, mournful, tragic, 
sad, unhappy, miserable, 
sadden, aggrieve, disappoint, depress, discourage, distress, grieve, hurt, sober (v), sting, torment, make someone sad, make someone unhappy, get someone down, break someone's heart, drive someone to despair, 
saddle, bit, bridle, reins, harness, yoke
sadness, dejection, depression, despondency, dismal feeling, gloom, gloominess, grief, heartache, self-pity, misery, pain, sorrow, unhappiness, woe, 
safe, clear, found, free, guarded, immune, impregnable, intact, invulnerable, protected, secure, security, sheltered, unharmed, unhurt, unscathed, untouched, welfare, be out of danger, at a safe distance, be in good hands, safe and sound, with a whole skin
safe, harmless, out of harm's way
safety, place of safety, refuge, sanctuary, shelter, safe house, safe harbor, haven, stronghold, asylum, hideout, retreat
sail, ship (v), cross (the river, lake)
sailor, captain
sailor, marine, seaman, ensign, petty officer, mate, captain, admiral, 
sailor, marine, the marines, navy flyer, 
saint, 
salad, tossed salad, green salad, coleslaw
salesman, clerk, shopkeeper, storekeeper
salesman, merchant
saliva, spit, spittle, sputum, phlegm, drool, slobber, drivel, 
salivate, mouth waters, juices flow, salivation, 
Salt
salt, salty, saline, to salt, grain of salt, 
saltshaker
salty, 
Salvation
salvation, rescue (n), defense, deliverance, extrication, recovery, 
salve your conscience, clear your conscience, 
Same
same age, age mate, generation, peer, peer group, age group
same, identical, indistinguishable, can't tell the difference, can't tell them apart, be no different from, match, be a carbon copy, word for word, be synonymous with, be no better than, be nothing more than, 
sandbar, delta, alluvium, alluvial, silt, 
sane, sanity, of sound mind, 
sanitary towel, sanitary napkin, tampon, pad, menstrual cloth, 
Santa Claus, elf, fairy, giant, dwarf, sprite, genie, dragon, monster, Cyclops, vampire, alien
sap, resin, juice, milk
sap, rubber
Satiated, full
Save from trouble
save, invest
save, salvation, sanctify, redeem, justify, regenerate
save, save someone's life, rescue (v), come to someone's rescue, mount a rescue, release, come to the aid of, preserve life, cover, defend, deliver, ensure someone's safety, extricate, free, guard, harbor, hide, insurance, insure, keep, preserve, protect, ransom, recover, retrieve, safeguard, safekeeping, safety, salvage, screen, secure someone's safety, grant asylum, shelter, shield, spare, pick up (a survivor), get someone out of, bail out, throw someone a lifeline, grant safe conduct
savior
savior, defender, deliverer, liberator, rescuer, protector, guardian
saw (n), saw kerf, saw horse, plane (n), hammer (n), nail (n), chisel (n), mortise and tenon, screwdriver, screw (n), sawhorse
saw, ax, logging truck
Saxons, Scots, Welsh, Picts, Irish, Normans, Vikings, Brits, Americans, Aussies, Kiwis, Sioux, Cherokee 
Say
Say farewell
say farewell, say goodbye
say it over and over, keep saying
Say nothing
say, speak, talk, tell, state, express, declare, proclaim, inform, pronounce, remark on, make a remark
Saying, proverb
saying, proverb, adage, axiom, byword, expression, formula, maxim, moral, saw, truism, household word, well-turned phrase
saying, quote, declaration, tale, speech, profession, remark, statement
scaffolding
scale, balance, weight, 
scale, full-scale, life-size, 
scale, large scale, small scale, projection
scale, scaly, fin, tail fin, dorsal fin, gill, guts, slime, slimy, fishy smell
scale, snakeskin, fang, rattle (of rattlesnake), coil, egg tooth, 
scale, tune, melody, melodic, harmony, chord, pitch, soft, pianissimo, loud, forte, crescendo, rhythm, rhythmic, beat, time
scan, skim, browse, read over, look through
scan, survey, reconnaissance, reconnoiter, look over, eyeball, perusal, peruse, scout, skim, sweep
scapegoat, fall guy, 
scare (n), terror, horror, alarmist, 
scare easily, timid, be of a nervous disposition, 
scarecrow, 
scarecrow, skeleton, bag of bones, 
scent, perfume, fragrance, aroma, bouquet, 
schedule, timetable, program
School
school (of fish), shoal
school, 
school, schoolhouse, university, library, dormitory, conservatory, 
Science
science
scientist
scissors, haircutters, shears
scoffer, 
scrape, creak, squeak, screech, grinding, squeal, rasp, 
scratch, pick (your ear), clean, cup (put hand behind to help hearing), pierce (for earrings), 
scratch, roost
scratch, scratch hard, itch, massage, rub
screwdriver, 
Sculpture
sea cow, manatee
Sea mammal
seal, airtight
seal, walrus, sea lion
Search
search (n), quest, 
search, look, look for, seek, hunt for, dig, explore, root, sniff, spy, track, be on the lookout for, 
seaside, beachfront, lakeside, bordering
Season
season
season, rainy season, long rains, short rains, dry season, cold season, hot season
seat someone, show someone to their seat
seat, perch, place
Secret
secrete, secretion, excrete, excretion, product, fluid, body fluids, discharge, flux, 
sect, denomination, party, 
secular, profane
sedative, relaxant, 
seduce, get someone into bed, seductive, seduction, make advances, make a pass at, sexual harassment, 
See
see, cry, water, 
see, set eyes on, witness, see something with your own eyes, behold, notice, perceive, get an eyeful, 
seed, acorn, bean, berry, cone, ear, grain, gourd, kernel, nut, pinecone, pod, rosehip, bran, chaff, cob, corncob, germ, head of grain, hull, husk, nutshell, pod, pit, rind, section, seedcase, shell, skin, stem, stone, whole(wheat)
seed, grain, cereal, bean, legume, nut, 
seed, seedling, cutting
seedy, sleazy, haunt, den of iniquity, 
seeing, optic, optical, visual, 
Seem
seem, appear, 
seem, appear, look, sound, give the impression, have a (certain) look, come across as, show signs of, strike someone as, have all the hallmarks of, an air of, give the impression, 
segment
segmented worm, earthworm, leech
self-centered, selfish, 
self-control, abnegation, abstention, abstinence, asceticism, constraint, discipline, equanimity, forbearance, moderation, poise, reserve, restraint, self-denial, self-discipline, sobriety, stoicism, sufferance, temperance, tolerance, toleration, 
Self-controlled
self-controlled, ascetic, austere, careful, conscientious, controlled, disciplined, discreet, moderate, provident, prudent, puritanical, restrained, sober-minded, stoic, tempered, tolerant, unsparing, 
Self-esteem
self-important, pompous, jumped up, have delusions of grandeur, get too big for your boots/britches, 
self-indulgent, hedonist, 
self-satisfied, smug, pleased with yourself, complacent, 
self, myself, yourself, himself, herself, itself, ourselves, yourselves, themselves, oneself
Selfish
selfishness,  
Sell
sell, offer (for purchase), to market
Sem
Semantic constituents related to verbs
Semantic Domains
Semantically similar events
semen, sperm, seminal, 
send
Send
Send someone
send something flying, catapult, propel, pitch, launch, sling, 
send, dismiss, transfer
send, mail (v), post, 
send, sent with, have someone take, have something delivered
senile, confused, his mind is wandering, lose your marbles, 
senile, senility, declining health, aging process, 
sensation
sense of direction
sense of humor, (have a real) funny bone, (be/have a great) wit
sense of smell, a good nose, 
sense of taste, palate, taste buds, 
Sense of touch
Sense, perceive
sense, perception, 
senses
Sensible
sensible, thoughtful, astute, calculating, cautious, circumspect, discreet, discriminating, foresighted, judicious, logical, practical, pragmatic, prudent, rational, realistic, reasonable, sagacious, sane, sensible, sensibly, sensitive, sound, thoughtful, wholesome 
sensitive,  
sensitive, feel the (heat/cold)
sensitive, perceptive, acute sense, 
Sentence conjunctions
separate fighting people, disperse troops
Separate, alone
Separate, scatter
separate, separation, estrange, split up, break up (a marriage), live apart, 
separate, separation, scatter, disperse, dispersion, dispersal, spread out, spray, move apart, move away from each other, put space between, to space (things), space out, place at intervals, divide, division, blow apart, distribute, sow, strew, sift
separately, 
separation, dispersion, dispersal, the spread of, division
sequel, 
sequel, aftermath, what follows, 
sequence, series, succession, chain, course, progression, 
Series
series, lineup, queue, 
series, Olympics, tournament, tourney, meet, double-header, triple-header, season
series, sequence, string of, succession of, stream, train of events, course of, 
Serious
serious, earnest, sober, solemn, somber, stodgy, 
servant, manservant, maidservant, 
servant, waiter, waitress, butler
Serve
Serve food
serve your sentence
serve, dish up, to ladle
serve, service, attend to, wait on, 
serving dish, serving platter, serving spoon, ladle, tureen, soup bowl, salad bowl, pot, common dish
session, the court is now in session
set a bone, reduce a dislocation, cast, splint, crutches, cane, plaster, sling, brace, 
set aside, put aside, separate from the others, keep separate, keep special, reserve, pull out
Set free
set out, 
set sail, sail off
Set self apart
set someone free, let someone go, let someone out, release, free, deliver, discharge, emancipate, excuse, liberate, loose, ransom, redeem, spring, unbind, unbridle, unchain, unfetter, unhand, unharness, unleash, unshackle, untie, set at liberty, 
set the fashion, set the trend, bring in, 
set the table
Set upright
Set upright, set up, stand
set, batch, suit, 
settle dispute, end hostilities, restore harmony, pacify
sew, spin thread, embroider, knit, crochet, mend, patch
sex drive, desire, lust (v), want someone, lustful, libido, horny, randy, 
sex maniac, dirty old man, lecherous, nymphomaniac, sex fiend, libertine, 
sex, gender, male, female
sex, intercourse, sexual relations, conjugal rights, marital rights, union, 
sexual equality, sexual discrimination, sexism, sexist, male chauvinism, male chauvinist, feminism, feminist, 
Sexual immorality
Sexual relations
sexual, 
sexy, attractive, desirable, voluptuous, sultry, alluring, luscious, appealing, beautiful, allure, sensual, sensuous, good-looking, glamorous, seductive, handsome, tempting, irresistible, enticing, 
sexy, provocative, seductive, suggestive, sensual, be a turn-on, erotic, 
shabby, 
shade, cast a shadow, block the light, eclipse, overshadowing, 
shade, eclipse of the sun, sunless, shady, shadow, eclipse (v), 
shadow
Shadow
shaft, head, gear, lever, fulcrum, switch, key, spring
shaft, tip
Shake
shake hands, bow, salute, give a hug, give a kiss, wave hello
shake hands, shake on it, kiss, holding hands, bow, nod in agreement
shake, nod, throw (head) back, bow, hang, hold high, crane (neck), 
shake, quiver, tremble, have the chills, quake, shiver
shake, rattle, fan, move something back and forth
shake, shiver, wiggle, wriggle, squirm, writhe
shallow, not deep, skin-deep, superficial, surface, 
shallows, shoal, 
shame (n), disgrace (n), humiliation, embarrassment, stigma, indignity, 
shame (someone), abash, discredit, disgrace, dishonor, humiliate, reproach, bring shame on, sully, tarnish, 
shame, embarrassed, blush
shameful, degrading, disgraceful, dishonorable, humiliating, ignominious, opprobrious, scandalous, 
shameless, brazen, callous, shameless, unabashed, unashamed, 
Shape
shape (v), change the shape of, form, mold, transform
shape, form, figure, silhouette, 
shaped, in the shape of, in the form of, 
shapeless, formless, amorphous, 
Share wealth
Share with
share, hand out, give out, distribute, dish out, dole out, give away, give to charity, give to the poor, donate, make a donation
share, portion, lot, part
share, share with, contribute toward, give to, be generous
Shark, ray
shark, ray, stingray, skate, chimera
Sharp
sharp, razor sharp, keen edged
sharpen
sharpen, give an edge to
sharpshooter, marksman, good aim, good eye
Shave
shave
sheaf
shear, fleece, karakul
Sheath
sheath, holster
shed (skin), molt (feathers)
Sheep
sheep
sheer, drop (n)
sheet, blanket, covers, bedcovers, bedspread, bed curtains, pillow, mosquito net, 
sheet, slip, pane, slice, 
shell
shell, eggshell, yoke, white, membrane, embryo
shell, mother of pearl, mantle, foot, swimmeret, 
shell, skin, pare, peel, husk
shelter, barn, shed, corral, pen, stall, manger
shepherd, herdsman, 
shh, shush, shut up, be quiet, keep it down, pipe down, 
shift the blame, pass the buck, 
shift, free, release
shimmering, glistening, 
Shine
shine (in the light), gleam, glint, glisten, glister, glitter, glow, shimmer, sparkle, 
shine, glow, gleam, blaze, shed light, radiate, 
shine, sheen, gloss, luster, 
shine, sunny, bright, give light, be sunshiny, daytime, 
Shiny
shiny, glossy, polished, glassy, gleaming, sleek, silky, shining, 
shiny, luster, malleable, rust, rusty, tarnish, corrode, golden, silvery, polished, alloy, pure, karat, solid, plated
ship, boat, canoe, raft, life raft, lifeboat, ship's boat, surfboard, submarine, 
shirt, pants, trousers, short pants, sock, stocking, shoe, boot, belt, hat, cap, underclothes, underwear, tie, suit, vest, coat, gloves, robe, pajamas, overcoat, 
shiver, be blue with cold, goose pimples, goosebumps, gooseflesh, someone's teeth are chattering, frostbite, frostbitten, freeze to death, die of cold, 
shiver, shake, have the shakes, chills
Shock
shock (n), shocker, blow, bolt from the blue, bombshell, rude awakening, scandal, trauma, horror, 
shock, come as a shock, horrify, stun, shake, knock someone for a loop, drop a bombshell, outrage, rock, scandalize, traumatize, 
shock, delirious, numb, 
shock, horror, outrage, 
shocked, deeply shocked, stunned, shaken, dazed, speechless, horrified, aghast, mortified, outraged, scandalized
shocking, horrible, horrifying, shattering,  
shoot (a gun), shoot at someone, shot, shell, fire, launch, aim, volley, 
shoot up, fly out, land on things
shoot up, soar, rocket, go through the roof, spiral, take off, jump, 
shoot, gun down, blow someone away, stab, stab someone to death, butcher, behead, decapitate, beat someone to death, asphyxiate, choke, garrote, strangle, suffocate, throttle, smother, stifle, crucify, drown, electrocute, hang, hanging, poison, stone, starve, 
shoot, sprout, bud, new growth, old growth
shore, beach, coast, coastal, coastland, seaboard, seashore, shoreline, foreshore, edge, strand, reef, coral reef, water-front, strip, 
short-tempered, quick-tempered, have a short fuse, temper, 
short, compact, dumpy, dwarfed, pug, runty, shrimpy, skimpy, stubby, stumpy, 
short, dumpy, dwarfed, low, runty, shrimpy, squat, squatty, stumpy, low, 
Short, not long
Short, not tall
short, not very tall, small, little, petite, squat, 
shortcut, 
shorten, make something shorter, cut down, condense
shorten, shrink something, 
shortened, abbreviated, abridged, compressed, condensed, contracted, shriveled, shrunk, shrunken, 
shortened, shrunken, 
shorter, shortest, 
shortness, 
shortness, how short, 
shot, injection, jab, 
should not, ought not to, caution
should, 
should, ought to, be responsible for, be duty bound, 
shoulder, armpit, upper arm, elbow, funny bone (nerve in elbow), forearm, lower arm, wrist, 
shoulder, chest, breast, bust, nipple, teat, bosom, stomach, belly, tummy, navel, belly button, back, lower back, rear end, buttock, bottom, behind, side, waist, middle, hip, girdle, groin, hollow part of hip, anus, lumbar, midriff, pectoral, pubis, thorax, thoracic, 
Shout
shout, speak loudly, yell, scream, talk in a loud voice, holler, call out, project your voice, aloud, exclaim, exclamation, vociferate, 
shove, give something a shove, jog, jolt
shove, hustle, bundle, manhandle
shovel, hoe, wheelbarrow, spade, pickax, plow, grader, bulldozer, steam shovel, backhoe, steam roller, earth moving equipment, 
shovel, plow
shovel, spade, hoe, pickaxe, steam shovel, bulldozer, backhoe
show-off, poseur, exhibitionist, flamboyant, dramatic, 
show (n), exhibition, display, presentation, showing, 
Show affection
show affection, kiss, embrace, hug, hold hands, public display of affection
show courage, be brave, dare, brace yourself, embolden, face (v), buck up, 
Show hospitality
show hospitality, entertain, etiquette
Show off
show off, flash your money around, put on airs, vaunt yourself, 
show off, flourish, parade, flaunt, 
show respect, respectful, honor, glorify, praise, magnify, lift up, worship
Show sympathy, support
show, be a sign, mean, indicate, reveal, make it clear, demonstrate, betray, be evidence, reflect, illustrate, bear witness to, tell
show, demonstrate
show, display, put something on show, put something on display, exhibit, be on show, be on display, unveil, 
Show, explain
show, expose, reveal, 
Show, indicate
Show, let someone see
show, let someone see, let someone have a look, present, produce, flash, 
show, point out, point to, mark, indicate, 
show, screen, intermission
showiness, flashiness, ostentation,  
showy, ostentatious, ostentatiously, flashy, pretentious, pretentiously, proudly, 
shred, grate, slice, cut up, chop, dice, cube, quarter, halve, mince, grind, 
shrimp, lobster
shrink, 
shrink, stunt, 
shrug (shoulders), raise (arm), salute, shake (fist), clench (fist), fold (arms), cross (arms), crook (arm/finger), crack (knuckles), spread (arms/fingers), hold up your hands, fold your arms, cross your arms, 
shrunken, 
shuffle cards, deal cards, play, lead, follow suit, trump, call, take a trick, 
shut, close
Shut, close
shut, closed
shuttle, 
Shy, timid
shy, timid, uncomfortable, bashful, coy, diffident, reserved, withdrawn, introverted, inhibited
shyness, inhibition
sibling, brother, sister
Sick
sickly, delicate, be in poor health, be prone to, hypochondriac, 
Side
side (adj), lateral, 
side (n), flank, right side, left side, 
side by side, abreast
side dish, vegetable, carrot sticks, onion rings
side, 
side, front, back, 
sidewalk, walkway, promenade, path, footpath, stepping-stone
sieve, drain, press, extract, strain
sieve, press
sight, at first sight, your first sight of, 
sight, sense of sight, vision, eyesight, 
sight, view, scene, scenery, picture, show, spectacle, vision, vista, panorama, 
sign (your name), signature 
sign language, gestures, writing
sign language, sign (v), 
sign, indication, indicator, evidence, mark, trace, manifestation, symptom, omen, telltale, be a giveaway, 
sign, signpost, marker, line, speed bump, reflector
Sign, symbol
sign, symbol, emblem, logo, insignia, flag, 
silence
silent, quiet, close-mouthed, mum, mute, speechless, wordless
silent, silence, you could hear a pin drop, 
silt, 
silvery, metallic, 
similarity, likeness, resemblance, 
similarity, parallel,  
similarly, like, such as, as, 
simple, basic, crude, elemental, elementary, neat, plain, primitive, rudimentary, single, uniform, unsophisticated, low-tech, 
Simple, complicated
simple, one to one, 
Simple, plain
simple, plain, bare
simplify
simplify, demystify, 
simultaneous, synchronized, parallel, synchronous, contemporaneous, concurrent, 
sin (n), misbehavior, 
sin (v), behave badly, misbehave, do wrong, be up to something, get into, indulge in, commit, stoop
sin, impiety, ungodly, godlessness, desecrate, sacrilege
since, ever since, for, from, starting from, from that time on, thereafter, 
Since, from
sinfulness, depravity, evil (n), iniquity, 
Sing
sing in unison, sing in harmony, sing the melody/harmony, keep time
sing, serenade, yodel, chant, croon, burst into song, wail, warble
sing, song, cry, call, birdcall, birdsong, caw (crow), chatter, cheep, chirp, coo (dove), gaggle, gobble (turkey), honk (goose), hoot (owl), peep, quack (duck), screech, squawk, trill, trumpet, tweet, twitter, warble, whir, whistle, 
singer, vocalist, soloist, minstrel
single-sex, 
single (portion, scoop), double (adj), triple, quadruple, quintuple, two-fold, three-fold, four-fold, 
single birth, twins, triplets, quadruplets, quintuplets
single, duo, duet, trio, quartet, quintet, sextet, twins, triplets, quadruplets, quintuplets, sextuplets, twosome, threesome, foursome, fortnight, decade, century, millennium, dozen, score, gross, 
single, unmarried, eligible, unwed, celibacy, celibate, 
singly, one by one, two by two, three by three, by ones, by twos, by threes, in pairs, in threes, one at a time, two at a time, three at a time, 
sink slowly, float down, drift down, settle, 
sink, fall overboard, plunge into, fall into, plop, plunk, 
sink, go down, go under, submerge
sir, ma'am, your honor, your majesty, 
sir, Mr., mate, buddy, mister, sire, lord, 
sir, my lord, gentleman, lady
sisal, cotton, wool
Sit
sit down, take a seat, have a seat, please be seated
sit on, mount
sit slowly, sink (down) into, ease into your chair, lower oneself, sit abruptly, flop down, plunk down, plop down
sit up
sit with your legs crossed, sit cross-legged, sit back, settle back, sit up, sit up straight, sit forward, be on the edge of your seat, sit astride, straddle, sit still, sit around, curl up, perch
sit, sit down, be seated, take your seat
Situation
situation, circumstances, environment, climate, conditions, the lay of the land, which way the wind blows, scenario, 
situation, circumstances, position, case, plight, 
situation, position, state of play, 
situation, things, conditions, state of affairs, set-up, context, 
size, 
size, dimensions, magnitude, 
size, fit (n), 
size, magnitude, 
sizzle, 
skeleton, skeletal
ski, skate, sled, sleigh, sledge, snowshoes, skis, ice-skates, slide, slip
skim
Skin
skin color, coloring, complexion, pigment, 
skin condition, clear, oily, dry, cracked, loose, smooth, soft, rough, flake, scale, peel, scarred, 
Skin disease
skin, flay
skin, hide, dermis, epidermal, epidermis, pore
skin, leather, leather goods, parchment
skin, scum, crust, slime, slimy, 
skinny, bony, scrawny, scraggy, angular, 
skipping rope, trampoline, pogo stick, springboard, parachute
skull, jawbone, shoulder blade, collarbone, clavicle, backbone, rib, hip, tibia, tailbone, carpal, carpus, cranium, femur, fibula, humerus, mandible, mandibular, maxillary, metacarpus, metacarpal, metatarsus, metatarsal, parietal bone, pelvis, pelvic, radius, shinbone, spine, sternum, tarsus, ulna, vertebra, vertebral, 
skull, second stomach (for cows, goats, sheep), spinal cord, lung, heart, small intestine, large intestine, liver, gall bladder, pancreas, kidney
Sky
sky, firmament, canopy, vault
slag, slagheap, dross
slam, pan, tear to shreds, pillory, do a hatchet job on, blast, castigate, condemn, damn, excoriate, execrate, 
slaughter, destroy, put down, put away, put something out of it misery, 
slaughterhouse, butchery, 
Slave
slave, bondservant, serf
slavery, bondage, servitude
Sleep
sleep around, promiscuous, promiscuity, 
sleep poorly, sleep badly, sleep fitfully
sleep well, sleep peacefully
sleep, sand, matter
sleepover, sleep outside, sleep under the stars, camp, campout, bivouac
sleepy, drowsy, half-asleep, can hardly keep your eyes open, 
slice, cut once, cut in one movement, 
slightly disoriented, a bit confused, a little out of it
slim, slender, trim, willowy, keep your figure, dapper, svelte, 
sling, slingshot, throwing stick, 
Slip, slide
slip, slide, glide, coast, skim, skate
slippery, 
slither, glide
slop
slope (n), ramp, ascent, rise, bank, incline (n), grade
slope, steep, gentle, contour, gradient
sloping, slope up/down, on an incline, rising, rise up (toward), ascending, upgrade, uphill, falling, fall away, descending, downgrade, downhill, dip
Slow
slow (someone) down, hold back, restrain, delay, hold up
Slow down! Take it easy! Take your time! Whoa! (horse)
Slow down! Whoa! (horse) Wait, wait! Wait for me! Wait a minute! Can we slow down?
slow down, slow up, decelerate, coast to a stop, (its) speed fell, ease off, reduce your speed, decrease your speed, come to a stop
slow moving, sluggish, smooth stretch, gentle stretch
slow of speech, not fluent, poor speaker, stutter, stammer, have a speech impediment
slow, gradual, 
slow, slowly, leisurely
Small
Small animals
small, 
small, little, dainty, miniature, compact, 
small, narrow (plot of ground), cramped, poky, 
small, slight, tiny, minute, 
smaller, smallest, littler, littlest, 
Smell
smell (n), odor, stench, stink, reek, halitosis, 
smell bad, smell, stink, reek, stink the place up, 
smell good, smell nice, 
smell like, smell of, smell (good/bad), have a (good/bad) smell, (good/bad) smelling, give off a smell, 
smell sweaty, smelly, stink, body odor, natural smell of sweat, smell of old people, smell of someone who never bathes
smell, breathe, 
smell, odor, scent, whiff, fume, essence, aroma, bouquet, fragrance, 
smell, scent (v), get a whiff of, catch a whiff of, 
smell, sniff, snuff, savor, 
smelly, stinking, acrid, body odor, awful, fetid, foul, foul-smelling, fusty, malodorous, moldy, musty, noisome, pungent, putrid, rancid, rank, reeking, rotten, 
smelt (metal ore), melt
Smelting
smile, grin, beam, be all smiles, force a smile, smirk, leer, sneer, wide grin, big smile, half smile, slight smile
smile, smile at, grin, wide grin, big smile, half smile, slight smile, smirk, crack a smile, beam
smith, blacksmith (iron), goldsmith, silversmith, tinsmith, tinker, jeweler, welder
Smith, Jones, MacDonald, Johnson
smoke, light up, light (a cigarette), chew
smoke, smoky, blue with smoke, haze, smog
smoker
smokers cough, smokers hack, habit, addiction, lung cancer
Smooth
smooth, silky, satin smooth, even, velvety, fine
smother (a fire), snuff out (a flame)
Smuggle
smuggle, smuggling
smuggler
snack, light breakfast, light meal
Snake
snake pit, den of vipers, snake hole
snake, serpent
snakebite, bee sting, venom
snap out of it, get a grip on yourself, pull yourself together, 
snap, crack, pop, boom, crash
snappy comeback, retort, repartee
snare
sneer, boo, 
sneeze, sneeze (n)
sneeze, sniff, sniffle, snort, snuffle, wheeze
sniff, snore, snort, sigh, hiss, sniffle, snuffle, hiccup, 
snivel, sniffle, whimper, blubber, blub, crybaby, 
snob, prig, 
snobbish, snobby, haughty, snooty, snotty, superior, stuck-up, class-conscious, 
snow (n), sleet, sleety, hail, hailstorm, snowstorm, ice storm, blizzard, snow flurry
snow (v), fall, snowfall, drift, blow, cover (the ground), blanket (v), snow in
Snow, ice
snowball, snowman, igloo
snowcap, glacier
snowflake, hailstone, block of ice, ice cube
snowy
snowy, snow covered, icy, frosty
so that
So, you are going, <hmm?>
soak, drench, saturate, flood, swamp, deluge
soak, marinate, 
soak, scrub, rinse, wring, hang up (to dry), dry, take down, iron, fold, put away, hang up
soaked, soaking wet, sopping wet, wringing wet, awash, dripping, sodden, soggy, saturated, waterlogged, be swimming in, drenched, doused
soap, shampoo, lather, washcloth, towel, shower cap, bathrobe, shower curtain, bathmat, bathroom sink
soap, shampoo, laundry soap, detergent, cleanser, scouring powder
soaring, 
soaring, towering, 
sob, bawl, howl, wail, 
Social activity
Social behavior
Social class
Social event
Social group
socialize
sod, hay, alfalfa, mow, haystack, bale
soft, coarse
Soft, flimsy
soft, flimsy, easily broken, tender
soft, harsh, loud, quiet, 
soften
Soil, dirt
soil, topsoil, earth, earthen, ground, loam, clay, dirt, dirty, sand, sandy
solar energy, solar power, solar panel
solar system
Soldier
soldier, combatant, warrior, volunteer, conscript, 
sole, shoelace, bootlace, eye, tongue, toe, heel, insole, strap, buckle, thong
solemn
solid
solid, liquid, gas
Solid, liquid, gas
solid, solidly built, sound, 
solidify, harden, dry, bake, freeze, thicken, stiffen, set, jell, gel, clot, coagulate, coagulation, congeal, crystallize, crystallization, precipitate, precipitation, curdle
solitary, loner, recluse, keep to yourself
solitude, isolation, solitary confinement, privacy
solo
solution, mix with water
Solutions of water
Solve
Solve a problem
solve the riddle, figure out the riddle, guess the meaning of the riddle, tell the meaning of the riddle
solve, figure out, work out, clear up, find an explanation, answer, calculate, calculator
solve, resolve, figure out
solve, resolve, put right, find a solution, rectify
solve, work out
Some
some, any, a certain amount of, a measure of, 
some, any, several, a number of, 
someday, one day, a certain day, the other day, some day in the future, one day long ago
someone's name is, be called, be known as, named, 
someone's needs, necessity, requirement, need (n), 
someone, somebody
Something is true of this person, <but> not true of that person.
Something seems to be true, <but> isn't true.
Something used to see
Sometimes
sometimes, occasionally, every so often, once in a while, at times, now and again, now and then, from time to time
somewhere else, elsewhere, 
somewhere, anywhere, someplace, anyplace, where, here, there, over there, any old place, wherever, who knows where, could be anywhere, undisclosed location, location unknown, here and there, whereabouts, hereabouts, thereabouts
Son, daughter
song, singing, tune, melody
Soon
soon, sooner, almost, approach, close, directly, imminence, imminent, impending, near, presently, quickly, shortly, about to, in a little while, not long, won't be long, almost here, just around the corner, in the near future, about to happen, any minute (now), in a minute, in a moment, 
soot
soothing, pleasurable, sensuous, 
soprano, alto, baritone, bass
sorcerer, magician, witch, wizard, shaman, witchdoctor, conjuror, necromancer, warlock, charmer, medicine man, alchemist, medium, 
Sorcery
sorcery, magic (n), witchcraft, black magic, voodoo, voodooism, witchery, wizardry, occult, necromancy, 
sorrow, regret, remorse, guilt, conviction, contrition, penitence, repentance, shame, conscience, 
Sorry
Sorry! Excuse me. I'm sorry. Forgive me.
sorry, excuse me, I beg your pardon, 
sorry, penitent, regretful, remorseful, rueful, convicted, guilty, contrite, repentant, 
Sorry? Pardon? Excuse me? What? What did you say? Would you mind repeating that? Could you say that again? Repeat after me.
Soul, spirit
soul, spirit, spiritual, psyche, psychological, psychology, internal makeup, inside, inward, conscious self, consciousness, ego, essence, humanity, id, self, subconscious, superego, unconscious, 
Sound
sound like, sound of, sound (good/bad), have a (good/bad) sound, (good/bad) sounding, 
sound, noise, voice, 
soup, tomato soup, split green pea soup, clam chowder, broth, stew, gravy
sour, sharp, tart, tangy, 
Source (of movement)
source, from
source, head, headwaters, mouth, upstream, downstream, bend, whirlpool, eddy, river bottom, riverbed, backwater, narrows, oxbow
space out, 
space travel, voyage, orbit
space, gap, opening, break, interval, separation, hole, 
Space, room
space, room, clearance, floor space, elbow room, 
spacecraft, spaceship, rocket, space shuttle, space station, satellite, flying saucer
spaced, apart, be spaced out, 
spacious, roomy, cavernous, be big inside, 
spark, flame, flicker, finger, tongue, flare, blaze, conflagration, inferno, raging inferno
spate of, epidemic, rash of, wave, be a hotbed of, 
Spatial location of an event
Spatial relations
spawn, lay eggs
spawning grounds
Speak a lot
speak a lot, talkative, loquacious, verbose, 
speak for too long, go over the time allotted, be long winded, speak forever
speak for, represent, 
Speak in unison
speak in unison, speak at once, congregational reading
speak inappropriately, be rude, crude, socially unacceptable, filthy speech, out of place, not fit for mixed company, shocking speech
speak incoherently, speak irrational, say nonsense, speak gibberish, No one could understand him. I can't understand you. I can't understand a word you are saying.
Speak little
speak little, taciturn, shy, man of few words, uncommunicative, reticent, hold your tongue
Speak poorly
Speak quietly
speak quietly, talk softly, whisper, murmur, mumble, 
Speak well
speak well, be eloquent, be a good speaker, be an excellent speaker, be fluent, speak clearly, articulate, 
Speak with others
speak with, converse, carry on a conversation, talk with, talk to, chat, discuss
speak/talk on the phone, be on the phone
speaker, preacher, teacher, lecturer
spear, dart, javelin, pike, 
spear, hunting bow, arrow, poison for arrow, quiver, hunting net, club, gun
Special
Special days
special, different, unique
specialist, consultant, allergist, anesthesiologist, anesthesiology, cardiologist, cardiology, chiropractor, chiropractic, dermatologist, dermatology, endocrinologist, endocrinology, epidemiology, gastroenterologist, gastroenterology, gynecologist, gynecology, hematology, histology, homeopathist, homeopathy, immunologist, immunology, neonatologist, neonatology, nephrologist, nephrology, neurologist, neurology, obstetrician, obstetrics, oncologist, oncology, ophthalmologist, orthopedist, orthopedic surgeon, orthopedics, pediatrician, pediatrics, plastic surgeon, podiatry, proctologist, radiation oncologist, radiologist, radiology, radiotherapy, rheumatologist, rheumatology, surgeon, surgery, urologist
specify, specified, specification, specifically in regard to, with regard to, in the case of, concerning, in the area of, in, with, between...and, as touching, particular, particularly, more especially
spectator, viewer, audience, onlooker, observer, lookout, 
spectrum, rainbow, prism, spectral, 
Speech style
speech, sermon, lecture (n), talk (n), address (n), oration, homily
Speed
speed up, put on a spurt, kick
speed walk, step out, stride, pace, rush
speed, pace, rate
speed, velocity, pace
spell, curse, hex, enchantment, charm, incantation, 
spelling, spell, misspell
Spend
spend a lot, go to great expense, spare no expense, shell out, go through, eat up
spend, pay, give
Spice
spice, flavor, season
spice, flavoring, seasoning
spicy, flavorful, seasoned
Spider
spider web, cobweb
spider web, cobweb, web, spin, silk
spider, arachnid
spill
spin
spin, revolve
Spinning thread
spinning wheel, distaff, spindle, bobbin, spool, 
spirit 
spirit world, spiritual realm, the supernatural, the unseen
spirit, animal spirits, 
spirit, ghost, specter, apparition, phantom, shade, ghoul
Spirits of things
Spit, saliva
spit, spit out, expectorate, spew, 
splash
splash, plop
splash, spray
splash, squelch, gurgle, plop, bubble, plunk, ripple, babble, burble, plash, 
splatter, splash, stick, squish
Spoil
spoil, damage, damaging, discredit, harm, tarnish, be tainted, 
spoil, impair, mar, detract from
spoil, mar, put a damper on, cast a shadow over, 
spoil, mess up, undermine, sabotage, throw a wrench in the works, pour cold water on, 
spoil, sour, poison, 
spoiled, broken, busted, messed up, damaged, crumbling, moth-eaten, 
spoilsport, 
sponge
spoonful of sugar, sugar bowl
sport, sports, organized sports, athletics, pro sports, amateur sports
Sports
sports clothes, work clothes, formal clothes, informal, office wear
sports event, sporting event, game, match, bout
spot, freckle, birthmark, wart, corn, mole, blemish, blotch, scar, 
spot, locate, descry, detect, discern, distinguish, espy, catch a glimpse of, spy, sight something
spot, sight, observe, 
spotted, speckled, dotted, blotchy, dappled, mealy, mottled, pied, spotty, 
spotted, striped, camouflaged, flecked, speckled, piebald, dappled, star, blaze, brindled, calico, tabby, pinto, 
spouse, husband, wife, second wife
spray, bleed, blow, burst, discharge, drain, gush, issue, jet, pour, pouring, run, spew, spout, dribble, drip, effusion, erupt, exude, ooze, outflow, percolate, seep, spout, squirt, sweat, vomit, tap
spread, drift, creep along the ground, vapor trail, rise
spread, epidemic, outbreak, plague, 
spread, run (of vines), entwine, cling, trail
Spread, smear
spread, smear, brush, cover, dab, daub, paint, plaster, rub, slather, smear, smudge, swab, 
spread, turn gangrenous, fester, peel, break, 
spring up, well up, bubble up, flow out of
spring, water source, water supply, well, artesian well, water hole, bore hole, fountain, fountainhead
Spring, well
sprinkle (with water), splash (water on), spray (water on), drizzle, spatter, splatter, squirt, 
sprinkle, drizzle, light rain, shower, pour, downpour, cloudburst, rainstorm, hard/heavy/driving rain, torrential, deluge, thundershower
Spy
spy ring, intelligence agency, intelligence community
spy, agent, double agent, informant, informer, source
spy, spy on, spy for, conduct espionage, conduct covert operations, collect information, gather intelligence, betray secrets
squad, platoon, company, battalion, regiment, brigade, division, corps, army, army group, 
squander, blow, waste, scatter
square
Square
square, rectangle, cube, block
squat (down), sit on your haunches, sit back on your heels
squeak, 
squeeze into, squeeze through, squeeze in between
squeeze, compress
squint, peer, crane your neck, 
stable
stable, pasture, range, barn, shed, stall
Stage of life
stage of life, time of life, phase
stage, phase, round, 
stagger, weave back and forth, reel, lurch
stair, step, rung (of a ladder), staircase, stairway, stairwell, stairs, flight of stairs, elevator, lift, escalator, fire escape, ladder, banister, handrail, landing, ramp, 
stale, decayed, 
stalemate, standoff, 
stalk, leaf, flower, bunch, hand, finger
stall, play for time, delaying tactics, 
stallion, mare
stamina, staying power, endurance, physical fitness, 
Stand
stand around, stand together
stand by, stick by, be true to, 
stand firm, stand your ground, stick to your guns
stand on one leg, straddle, stand on tiptoes
stand someone up, raise someone to their feet, help someone up
stand, be standing, be on your feet
stand, stand up, rise (to your feet), get up, get to your feet, jump to your feet, leap up, leap out of the chair, pick yourself up
standardize, bring something into line, 
Star
star (v), feature, with, be in, appear in, 
star, co-star, star in, play the lead, 
star, starry, stellar
stare, gaze, gape, gawk, peer, 
stare, glare, roll your eyes, wink, blink, lift your eyes, raise your eyebrows, narrow your eyebrows, wrinkle your brow, 
starless (sky, night)
starlight
starlit (sky), (sky is) ablaze with stars, starry (sky), star studded (sky), stars are shining
starlit, lit by the stars
start a family, 
Start again
start laughing, burst out laughing, burst of laughter, dissolve into laughter
Start something
start to cry, start crying, burst into tears, break down, turn on the waterworks, get teary, 
start to smell, 
start, accelerate, pull out
start, activate, set off, 
start, launch, open, initiate, set in motion, get things moving, start the ball rolling, begin, 
start, start up, open, set up, establish, found, inception, 
start, turn on, switch on, ignition
starting bell/buzzer, first quarter, second quarter, first half, half time, final bell/buzzer
starting, from, as from, after that, 
starve, starvation, waste away, 
starving, malnourished, anemic, emaciated, 
state, condition, shape, position, 
state, province, region, territory
state, province, territory, prefecture, county, district, 
States
station, band, frequency, reception, 
station, railroad station, bus station, gas station, petrol station, rest area, parking lot
stationary, still, motionless, still
Status
status, rank, position, 
stay awake, be alert, stay up
stay close, keep close, hug, cling to
stay fresh, keep well, retain its flavor/appearance, 
stay overnight, stay with, have a sleepover
stay sober, go on the wagon, 
stay up (late), stay awake
Stay, remain
stay, stay behind, stay back, remain, remain behind, stay where you are, stay put, remain in place, hold your place, hold still, freeze, stationary, standstill, stand around, stand still, linger, tarry, abide
steady wind, trade wind, monsoon winds
steady, firm, stable, 
steady, poised, 
Steady, unsteady
Steal
steal along, walk stealthily, sneak, pad, stalk, creep
steal, filch, help yourself to, lift, nick, pinch, purloin, rip off, rustle, take, walk off with, 
stealing, burglary, larceny, robbery, shoplifting, theft, 
steer, ox (castrated bull), gelding
stem, stalk, blade of grass, straw
step on, put foot on/in, tread on, stamp on, underfoot, 
step, footstep, pace, 
stepbrother, stepsister
stepfather
stepmother
Steps in food preparation
stepson, stepdaughter, stepchild, 
stethoscope, blood pressure cuff, scalpel, catheter, forceps, needle, syringe, IV, x-ray machine, x-ray, 
stick out, 
stick something into something, ram, drive, plunge, thrust
Stick together
stick, ram, drive, plunge, thrust
stick, stick down, stick together, glue, 
stick, stick together, adhere, cake, cling, cohere, grip, lump, 
sticky, adhesive, gummy, magnetic, tacky, 
Stiff, flexible
stiff, strong, inflexible, unbendable, unbending, rigid, brittle, crisp, crispy, 
stiffen your resolve, set your mind on, commit, 
stiffen, rigidify
stifling, muggy, humid, oppressive, 
still, 
stimulant
Stimulant
stimulate, kiss, fondle, arousal, caress, climax, erection, eroticism, libido, mount, snog, pet, hug, embrace, cuddle, hold hands, 
stimulating, rousing, touching, emotional, 
stimulation, 
sting, collect nectar
Stingy
stingy, avaricious, parsimonious, miserly
stir
stir, make a move
stir, stir up, stir together, beat, blend, knead, whisk, 
stitch, knit, purl, 
stocks, pillory, 
stocky, burly, brawny, beefy, hefty, 
Stomach
Stomach illness
stomach, tummy, digestive tract, lining, 
stomp, clump
stone, marble
stonemason, sculptor, stone cutter
stop beating, heart attack, 
Stop fighting
stop fighting, cease hostilities, end adversity, make peace, make amends, apologize, apology, reconcile, reconciliation, make up, disengage, settle, peace offering, pacify, appease, quell, tranquilize, neutralize, harmonize, harmonious
Stop moving
stop raining
Stop something
stop, brake, park
stop, come to rest, halt, brake
stop, come to rest, halt, come to a screeching halt
stop, turn off, shut down
stopping place, station
Store the harvest
store the harvest, store food, put in sacks, tie together, heap of grain, haystack, sheaf of grain
Store wealth
Store, marketplace
store, put it away, stash it away
store, save, leftovers
store, shop, shopping center, mall, kiosk, supermarket, 
storekeeper, shopkeeper, trader, merchant
Storm
storm clouds, rain cloud, cumulus, thunderhead, anvil shaped, billowing, nimbus, fluffy, cirrus, wispy, vapor trail, haze, hazy, fog, foggy, mist, misty, steam, vapor, band, smog, fume, cloud of smoke
storm of protest, outcry against, outcry over, public outcry, boycott, 
storm, be stormy, stormy weather
Story
story, tale, 
storyteller, narrator, 
Straight
Straight posture
straight posture, stand at attention, stand/sit stiffly, erect
straight, straight as an arrow, direct, even, lank, linear, rectilinear, true, 
straighten up, rear up
straighten up, sit up straight, stand up straight
straighten, straighten out, 
strain, 
strand
Strange
strange, odd, funny, peculiar, weird
stranger
strategy, tactics, hunker down, keep up the pressure, overwhelm, concentrate your forces, form a line, hold the line, break the line, reform, rally, morale, maintain morale, military discipline, supply, supply lines, control the battle, battlefield control, reconnaissance, reconnoiter, intelligence, propaganda, 
strength, power, brawn, force, might, energy, vigor, toughness, 
strengthen, bolster, 
Stretch
stretch (of good weather), keep up
stretch, draw out, enlarge, extend
stride
strike (v), go on strike, strike (n), striker, 
strike, coil, crush (prey), sun (themselves), venom, 
stringed instrument, strings, piano, harp, guitar, banjo, violin, fiddle, viola, cello, bass fiddle
stroke, blow, beat, punch, 
Strong
strong feeling, strong emotion, passion, 
strong man, he-man, athlete, 
Strong, brittle
strong, hot, spicy, piquant, fiery, pungent, peppery
strong, powerful, muscular, well-built, strapping, steely, 
strong, powerful, pungent, heady, redolent, 
strong, strength, tough, substantial
strong, tough, hard, unbreakable, durable, 
structure, section, part, wing, rotunda, pillar, column, arch, archway, tower, foundation, floor, roof, room, wall, door, window, entrance, exit, passage, hall, corridor, courtyard, 
Stubborn
stubborn fool, mule, bulldog, 
stubborn, adamant, bull-headed, conservative, dogged, enduring, hardened, hardheaded, headstrong, immovable, impenitent, incorrigible, indomitable, inflexible, intractable, mulish, obdurate, obstinate, persistent, pig-headed, recalcitrant, relentless, stiff-necked, strong-willed, stubborn, as stubborn as a mule, tenacious, unbending, uncompromising, ungovernable, unmanageable, unrepentant, unyielding, willful, 
stubborn, steadfast, resolute, dogged, wholehearted, 
stubbornness, inflexibility, obstinacy, tenacity, stick-to-itiveness 
student, apprentice, trainee, novice, jack-of-all-trades, greenhorn, beginner, new recruit, plebe, freshman
studio, record company
studious, inquisitive, 
Study
study, analyze, check, concern yourself with, consider, determine, examine, experiment (v), follow,  inquire into, investigate, learn, look into/for, look something up, probe, prowl, seek, search, research, study, test, trace, track, trail, try to find out about, 
study, read up on, pore over
stuffy, airless, stifling, polluted, air pollution, smog 
stumble, misspeak, gaff, speak ungrammatically
stumble, trip, trip and fall, slip
Stupid
sturdy, robust, hardy, tough, resilient, 
style (v), braid (v), fix, curl, cut, arrange, 
Style of clothing
style, pop, rock, country western, jazz, folk music, classical, longhair, modern, popular, chamber music, march, symphony, opera, ballet, musical, dance number, canned music
style, register, formal, informal, colloquial, humorously, seriously, pronunciation
style, stylish, in style, fashion, out of fashion, modern, traditional, old-fashioned
Subject of teaching
subject, major, discipline, field, 
subject, topic, question
subject, topic, theme, issue, question, matter, business, thing, 
Subjugate
subjugate, subject (someone) to authority
Submit to authority
submit to authority, obey, law abiding
Subordinating particles
subside, go away, fade
Substance, matter
substance, stuff, matter, material
substance, stuff, matter, material, 
Substitute
substitute, supplant, replace
Subtract numbers
subtract, take, take away, deduct, subtraction, 
Succeed
succeed, success, accomplish, achieve, manage, contrive, 
success, accomplishment, achievement, 
successive, consecutive, alternating, serial, 
successor, next in line, succeed, 
such, that kind of, that sort of, 
suck blood, bloodsucking, chew (holes in leaves)
Sudden
sudden (warning), all of a sudden, abrupt
sudden, suddenly, suddenness, immediate
suddenly, abruptly, without warning, without notice
suddenness
Suffer
suffer, ache for someone, be afflicted with, agonize, endure, feel horrible, have a hard time, be hurting, be in pain, feel pain, feel rotten, undergo, go through, put up with, be subjected to, be in the grip of, be in the throes of, 
suffer, pay for, pay the penalty for, count the cost, cost someone dearly, stew in your own juice, know to your cost, find out to your cost, at a cost to, 
sufferer, casualty, victim, 
suffering, ache, affliction, agony, distress, misery, pain, torment (n), torture (n), 
suffering, tormented, 
Sugar
sugar, sweetener, granulated sugar, white sugar, brown sugar, sugar cube, grain of sugar, 
sugarcane, press, juice, pulp, boil, sugar
sugarcane, rhubarb, celery
Suggest
suggest, make a suggestion, float, recommend, propose, propound, submit
suggest, point to, imply, give the impression
suggest, recommend, nominate, propose, put someone's name forward, 
suggestion, proposal, recommendation, proposition, submission
suit, lends itself to, be suited to, be cut out for, be made for, fit the bill, fit in, be right for, be the right person for, make a good/ideal, 
suit, look good on, flattering
suitability, suitableness, fit (n),  
sullen, surly, sulky, sulk, be in a sulk, give someone the silent treatment, 
Summarize
summarize, summary, review, recap
summarize, summary, synopsis, overview
summon
Sun
sun, solar, sol, daystar, our star
sunburn, sunstroke, suntan, tan, heatstroke, heat prostration, sun damage, fading from the sun, bleached by the sun
sunburn, tan, tanned, suntan, burn, blister, 
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday
sundial, angle of the sun, sun-clock, shoot the sun, position of the sun, 
sunglasses, dark glasses, goggles, 
sunglasses, shade tree, suntan lotion, awning, sun umbrella, parasol, sunbonnet, hat, visor
sunlight, ray, sunshine, beam, light, sunbeam, radiance, glow, sparkle, glisten, glare
sunlit, be (out) in the sun, lit by the sun, shine on, be in the sunlight, sunny (spot)
sunny, sunshine, clear (weather), good (weather), fair (weather), fine (day)
sunset, dusk, sundown, twilight, eventide, 
sunset, sundown, twilight, dusk, nightfall, it gets dark, gloaming, 
Supernatural being
supernatural being, spirit
supernatural knowledge, foreknowledge, supernatural insight, ability to interpret dreams, 
supernatural power, miraculous power, might, force, omnipotence, almighty, all-powerful, 
supernatural, magic, miracle, miraculous, paranormal
superstition
superstition, superstitious, 
supplement, build on, 
Support
support, carry, hold, load, weight, pressure,  
support, hold up
Sure
surf, surfboard, ride the waves, dive under
surface
surface, bottom, abyssal depths, abyssal plain, thermal layer, seamount, continental shelf, shallows, the depths, the deep, open sea
surface, crust, lithosphere
surge, move, come roaring down on, race before the wind, wave pattern, violence of the waves, undertow, toss
surgeon
surgery, surgical, operate, operation, perform an operation, have an operation, major surgery, minor surgery, operating theater, operating table, amputate, implant, transplant, inoperable, incision, stitch, suture, sew up, scalpel, 
Surprise
surprise (n), 
surprise (n), amazement, astonishment, awe (n), incredulity, 
surprise (v), surprise (n), amaze, astonish, astound, awe (v), inspire awe, flabbergast, floor, startle, 
surprised, amazed, astonished, incredulous, startled, flabbergasted, 
surprising, startling, amazing, astonishing, incredible, wonderful, awe-inspiring, awesome, unexpected, 
Surrender
surrender, sue for peace, armistice, concede defeat, accept defeat, admit defeat, give up, give in, yield, call it quits, unconditional surrender, lay down arms, turn yourself in, 
surround, encircle, envelope, encirclement, encircling movement, envelopment, 
survey, 
survey, surveyor, 
Survive
survive, live through, last, remain, survivor, escape, squeak by, make it
Suspect
suspect (n), 
suspect (v), suspicious, suspicion, have a sneaking suspicion, smell a rat, have your suspicions
suspected (terrorist), be under suspicion, 
suspicious character, 
suspicious, suspect (adj), fishy, dubious, questionable, 
swallow
swallow, 
swallow, gulp
Swamp
swamp, swampland, wetland, marsh, marshland, bog, delta, estuary, bayou, morass
swampy, marshy, boggy
swarm (of insects), plague of locusts
swarm, teem, be teeming with, be swarming with, be crawling with, 
swat, fumigate, spray, flyswatter, bug spray
sway (hips), rotate (hips), suck in (stomach), stick out (chest), straighten (back), bend (back), bow (at the waist), double up, twist, curl up, 
swear, curse, cuss, 
Sweat
sweat (n), perspiration, 
sweat (v), perspire, be dripping with sweat, sweat like a pig, 
sweaty, drenched with sweat
sweep, mop, scrub, wax, rake
Sweep, rake
sweeping bow, bow low, deep bow, slight bow, bow your head, his head fell, incline your head, nod, curtsy, genuflect, kowtow, prostrate, grovel
sweepings, leaves
sweet dreams, pleasant dreams
sweet, sugary, sickly sweet, sweeten, 
sweet, sugary, sweetened, 
sweeten, sprinkle, 
sweetheart, honey, dear 
Swell
swell up, get swollen
swell, enlarge, erect, erection, ejaculate, ejaculation, 
swell, mount up, pile up, rise and fall, curl
swell, swelling, edema, inflammation, 
Swim
swim, dog paddle, stroke, kick, breaststroke, freestyle, backstroke, swim underwater, tread water, wade
swim, leap
swing
swollen abdomen, swollen muscle, hernia, swelling in groin
swollen, puffy, inflamed, 
sword, knife, bayonet, dagger, bolo, machete, rapier, saber, scimitar, stiletto, 
symbol, legend, contour line, longitude line, latitude line, parallel
Symmetrical
symmetrical, regular, even, balanced, even sided
Symptom of disease
symptom, sign, indication, evidence, warning, pathology, 
synchronize, tie something in with, 
synonym, synonymous, derivative, antonym, opposite of, 
system, structure, network, framework, apparatus, mechanism, set-up
Table
table leg, table top, top of the table, edge of the table, corner of the table
table of contents, index
table, dining room table, bedside table, end table, coffee table, desk
table, matrix, chart, organizational chart, flow chart, grid, cubby hole, pigeon hole, in basket, out basket, 
tablecloth, runner, centerpiece, table decoration
tablet, pill, capsule, potion, syrup, tonic, 
Taboo
taboo, forbidden, prohibited, untouchable, inviolable, banned, off-limits, avoided
taboo, prohibition
tack on, 
tactile, 
tadpole
tailor, seamstress, weaver
tailoring, spinning, sewing, weaving, knitting, rope making, embroidery, cordage
take a long time to answer, take your time to answer, quick reply, response time
take a long time, be for a long time, go long, go over the time allotted, take forever, last a long time, went on forever, kept going and going, lengthy, enduring
take a position, lean toward, regard
take a short time, be for a short time, brief, briefly, briefness
take a sounding, plumb, 
take an oath, swear, solemnly swear, promise, guarantee, invoke a curse, vow, forswear, raise right hand, blood oath, adjure
take apart, detach, disunite, disassemble, disjoin, uncouple, unhook, unfasten, pull apart, break up, dismantle, take something to pieces
take back an offer, withdraw an offer, 
Take by force
take by force, snatch, ransack, plunder, pillage
Take care of something
take care of, look after, maintain
take drugs, be on drugs
take home, net, clear, 
Take oath
take off, remove, wipe off, peel off, scrape off, scratch off, rub off
take out, get something out, remove, extract, extricate, eliminate, bring out, clear something out, clean out, withdraw, fish out
take out, remove, extract, extraction, cut out, get out, excision, withdraw, 
take out, throw away, discard, burn, chuck, dispose of, disposal, haul away, bury, dump, litter, pile up, collect
take someone's advice, follow someone's advice, listen to advice, act on someone's advice, accept advice, adopt, 
take someone's pulse, listen to someone's heartbeat, feel for a pulse, 
take someone's temperature, 
take someone for a walk, walk the dog
take something for, drink, swallow, 
Take something from somewhere
Take something out of something
Take somewhere
take the throne, crown (v), swear in, take the oath of office, 
Take time
take time, spend time, use time, make time, find time
take turns, take it in turns, share, alternate, 
take your time, make it last, we want this to last a long time
take, bring, deliver, transport, 
take, bring, escort, whisk someone away, 
take, take away, remove, draw off, empty, evacuate, milk, strain, 
Talk about a subject
talk about, dwell on, discuss, address, treat, cover, 
talk in your sleep
talk in your sleep, walk in your sleep
Tall
tall, high, 
tall, lanky, gangling, leggy, hulking, gangly, strapping, 
taller, tallest, tower over, tower above, dwarf (v), dominate, 
tame (animal), tamed, domesticated, livestock, pet
tame, domesticate, break (a horse)
tame, domesticate, train, pet
Tangle
tangle (n), tangled mess, jumble, mix-up, rat's nest, snarl, 
tangle, entangle, become tangled, get all tangled up, snarl, 
tangled, matted, raveled, snarled, all mixed up, 
tank, tub, 
taper, 
tapered, thinned, constricted, restricted, 
tapering, 
tardy, latecomer, 
target, 
target, goal
Taste
taste like, taste of, taste (good/bad), have a (good/bad) taste, (good/bad) tasting, flavored, 
taste, flavor, tang, aftertaste, hint, savor, 
taste, have a taste, try, sample, lick, sip, 
taste, relish, savor, 
taste, test, sample
tasteless, have no taste, not taste of anything, flavorless, 
tattoo (v), get a tattoo
taut, tight, tightly, strain, stretched, 
Tax
tax, taxes, taxation, tax collector, tribute
Teach
teach, educate, instruct, lecture, edify, tutor, coach, inform, indoctrinate, infuse, instill, 
teach, train, upbringing, 
teacher, tutor, lecturer, professor, coach, trainer, faculty, educator, 
teaching, subject, education
team
team, club
Tear down
tear down, demolish, dismantle, take apart, take down
Tear, rip
tear, rip, shred
tear, teardrop, 
tears, 
technical, strategic, tactical, 
Telephone
telephone, phone, cell phone
telephone, radio, television, amplifier, megaphone, telegraph, telegram
telescope, binoculars, field glass, 
Tell a lie
tell a riddle, give a riddle
tell a story, relate, narrate
tell someone the way, give someone directions, show someone the way, direct, 
tell the difference, see the difference, distinguish, differentiate, 
Tell the truth
tell the truth, speak the truth, be honest, be open, be up front, play fair, level with, lay/put your cards on the table, testify, witness, reveal, 
tell time, keep time, mark time, measure time, beat time, register the time, to chronicle
tell, explain, demonstrate, give instructions, 
Telling time
temperature, coldness, coolness, 
temperature, heat, degree, Celsius, Centigrade, Fahrenheit, level of heat, warmth, 
temperature, hot, warm, heat, cold, chilly, crisp, mild, unseasonably warm/cold, scorching, heat wave, cold spell, cold snap, frigid, freezing, be a chill in the air, 
Temporary
temporary, transient 
tempt, corrupt, pervert, turn, 
ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety
tenant
Tend a field
tend a field, cultivate, weed, hoe, pull weeds, support a banana stalk, spray, insecticide
Tend a fire
tend a fire
Tend herds in fields
tend, graze, shepherd, herd, pasture, feed, look after animals
tend, have a tendency, lean a certain way, apt to, prone to, proclivity, predilection, bent, bias, leaning, penchant, inclination, propensity, susceptibility, likelihood, liable to, trend, drift, conducive to, leads in the direction of, dispose, incline toward, gravitate toward, likely
Tendency
tender, tough, crisp, crispy, raw, stale, fresh
tendon, ligament, sinew, hamstring
tens, hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands, millions, billions, trillions
Tense
Tense and aspect
tense, strained, uneasy, nail biting, charged, nerve-racking
tense, time
tent, shelter, hut, camp
tentacle, sucker, appendage, 
term, semester, trimester, quarter, midterm, 
terminal, fatal, incurable, 
terminology, jargon, specialized vocabulary, technical terms, 
terminology, jargon, technical term, specialized vocabulary, 
Terms of endearment
terrible (storm), howling (blizzard), raging (storm)
terrified, terror, panic, panic-stricken, petrified, scared stiff, scared out of your wits, scared to death, 
Test
test tube, beaker, Bunsen burner, periodic table, formula, catalyst
test, exam, examination, quiz
testator, 
testify, expose falsehood, catch in a lie, contradict, enlighten, substantiate, provide evidence, call a liar
tether, rope, prod (stick to direct cattle), cowbell
textbook, desk, chair, blackboard, chalk, eraser, rubber, uniform, school-bag, exercise book, 
Texture
texture (v)
texture, surface, (to have a) feel, (it) feels (rough), quality, grain, prickly
Thames, Mississippi, Missouri, Hudson 
Thank
Thank God! Thank goodness! What a relief!
Thank you. May I be excused.
Thank you. Thanks. That's very kind of you. That's very good of you. I appreciate it. You shouldn't have, You've saved my life. I'd like to thank. Many thanks. Bless you. Blessings on you. Much obliged. I'm indebted to you. I'm in your debt. I'm beholden to you. 
thank, say thank you, express your thanks, acknowledge (a gift), appreciate, show your appreciation, express your gratitude, show gratitude, recognize, in recognition of, 
thankful, grateful, gratefully, appreciate, appreciative, be indebted to, owe, 
thankless (task), unacknowledged, unappreciated, 
thanks, thank you, thankfulness, thanksgiving, acknowledgement, 
That dog is <almost> human.
That house is <mine>.
that is, that means, i.e.,  
That woman <is> beautiful.
that, namely, namely that, that is, i.e.
thatch, shingle
The <attempt> was unsuccessful.
the <container> <of> milk
the <contents> <of> the cup
The <emphasis> is on efficiency.
The <source> of our water is a deep well.;  Our drinking water is <from> a deep well.;  John brought the wood <from> the forest.
The <subject> of the book is the President.;  The <topic> of the discussion is efficiency.
the accused, the defendant
the air force, 
the army, 
the back, the reverse, the other side, the flip side, 
the best we have, leader in his field, on the cutting edge, master (craftsman), expert (machinist), leading (scholar), degreed (scholar), foremost (expert), knowledgeable, experienced, able (seaman), well-trained, proficient, capable, clever, skilled, skillful, 
The book <is about> the President.;  The meeting <is about> the schedule.;  The story <depicts> the life of the President.;  The story <presents> a view of the President.
The box <weighs> five kilos.
the breadwinner, wage-earner, salaried, on a salary, 
The clothes are <almost> dry.
The coffee has milk in it.;  The coffee contains milk.
the cook, chef, short order cook, cookie
The cup <contained> milk.
The cup <has> milk <in it>.
the cup<'s> <contents>
the depths, channel, trench, gulf, abyss, 
the digits, the tens, hundreds, thousands, millions, billions, trillions
the disabled, people with disabilities, the handicapped, cripple (n), lame (n), paraplegic (legs only), quadriplegic (all four limbs), paralytic, 
The disease spread <throughout> the population.;  He went <from> town <to> town.;  He applied for admission year <after> year.;  He placed them in piles of ten <each>.;  They received ten dollars <apiece>.
the distant past, long ago, 
The door opened <by itself>.;  Goodness <is its own reason>.
The feeling is <mutual>.;  The two countries signed a <reciprocal> trade agreement.;  Effective communication is <two-way>.
the first child;  the second taxi;  the next person (to speak);  the last person (out the door)
the front, 
the good life, good times, prosperity, blessing, good fortune, ease, welfare, quality of life, utopia, 
The group <numbered> fifty.
The gun has a <range> of one mile.
The hospital <is affiliated with> the university.;  Our dictionary project <is affiliated with> the university.
the last, the latter, 
the least, 
the least, minimum, the fewest, the lowest, 
the lights are on, be lit up, ablaze, 
The meeting <is at> four o'clock.;  John stopped for lunch <at> noon.;  The game <is on> Saturday.;  Saturday<'s> game;  <The time of> the meeting <will be> four o'clock.
the military, the armed forces, 
the most, 
the navy, naval forces, 
the next king, heir apparent, successor to the throne, Prince of Wales
the next, adjacent, adjoining, bordering, neighboring
the novelty wears off, lose interest, get tired of, 
The oldest son inherited a <double> portion.
the opposite sex, 
The participants entered two <by> two.;  The students lined up class <by> class.;  We lined up the shoes <in> pairs.;  The guests were seated <in> groups of six.
the picture, the score, what's going on, 
the poor, the homeless, the destitute
The president resigned <in> disgrace.
The rain <hindered> John <from> finishing his work.
The rain <prevented> John <from> finishing his work.;  John <kept> us <from> losing our way.
the remains, remnants, leftovers, ruins, what is left of, what remains of, the rest, the remainder, the last of, residue, 
The rice <weighs> one kilo.
the right time, a good time, be the time,
The road <stretched> on for miles.
The road is <almost> straight.
the same age, 
the same, consistent, unchanging, constant, 
the same, equal, equivalent, even, level, 
the same, the very same, the self-same, one and the same, common, 
the second <of> the winners
the sexes, male and female, men and women, boys and girls, ladies and gentlemen, guys and gals, 
The ship was sailing <against> the wind.
The shopkeeper <weighed> the rice.
The size of our herd <doubled> in three years.
The soldier stood at attention with his shoulders back, his chest out, his chin up, and his arms held stiffly at his sides.
The sun was hot, so we got under the shadow of a tree.
The village was on the other side of the river from us.
the whole world, the entire earth, all over the world, round the world, 
The word 'goner' <is derived from> the root 'go'.
The words in this domain describe a situation in which people disagree about something so strongly that they might start fighting. But these words imply that they have not started fighting yet.
the world, earth, the Earth, the globe, the planet
the wrong time, a bad time, not a good time, be no time, not be the time, 
theater, cinema, movie house, movie theater, drive-in, box office, ticket office, auditorium, aisle, screen, projector
theater, cinema, stadium, amphitheater, arena, ballpark, bullring, coliseum, racetrack, hippodrome, 
theater, cinema, stage, set, on location
then and there, 
then, indeed, surely, so, certainly, in fact, actually, how, you know, really, sure, just, you know don't you that, how much more, emphatically, absolutely, without question, no way, of course, obviously, you've got to be kidding, it is just that, the only thing is, one thing that, in reality, only that, as it were, just as you can see, as you know, without a doubt, don't you remember, I am convinced that 
then, so, 
Theology
theology, 
theology, monotheism, polytheism, pantheism, atheism
there's more to someone/something than meets the eye, deceptive, deceptively, not be what you/it seem, 
there, thereabouts, thither, 
thermometer
thermometer, 
thermometer, barometer, weathervane
They didn't know it, but their paths were converging.;  The two ships were on a collision course.
They helped <each other> with their work.;  We all helped <one another>.;  <Each> accused <the other> of causing the problem.;  We <exchanged> glances.;  They <traded> insults.
They hit <each other>.;  We should help <one another>.
Thick
thick, chunky, fat, 
thick, heavy, 
thick, stiff, creamy, smooth, lumpy, viscid, viscous, paste, concentrated
thick, stout, 
thicken, 
thicken, concentrate
thicken, get thick, 
thicken, get thicker, set, congeal, clot
thickener, cornstarch, pectin, egg, gelatin, agar, wheat flour, corn flour, tapioca flour, cassava flour, sago flour, rice flour, glutinous rice flour, 
thickening, 
thicker, thickest, 
thickness, 
thickness, consistency, viscosity
Thin person
Thin thing
thin, fine, light, lightweight, 
thin, paper-thin, wafer-thin, slim, 
thin, porous, spongy, hollow, tenuous, rare
thin, rarefy
thin, slender, slight, stringy, 
thin, slight, 
thin, spindly, 
Thing
thing, something, article, artifact, entity, item, object, wares, 
thing, what, something, anything, everything, nothing, each thing, whatever, whichever
Things done to animals
things, oddments, paraphernalia, stuff, odds and ends, bits and pieces, knick-knacks, 
Think
think (that), have a thought, come to, come to mind, enter your mind, enter your head, cross your mind, hit on, occur to, present itself, spring to mind, strike, wonder, 
Think about
think about, brood, cogitate, consider, give consideration to, contemplate, meditate, muse, mull over, occupy your mind, ponder, reconsider, reflect, reflection, ruminate, speculate, study, weigh, wonder, go around in your mind, do some thinking, keep your mind on, have something on your mind, deduce, deduction, induction, inductive, logic, apply yourself, pay attention, bethink, conclude, observe, process, reason, theorize, 
think about, look at, think over, consider, think something out, think twice, think of, take into consideration, take into account, 
think again, reconsider, change your mind, on second thought, on reflection
think clearly, be clear headed, be sharp (mentally)
Think so
think, 
think, think it is possible, believe, bet, would gamble, would wager, guess, reckon, speculate, surmise, suspect, get the impression, have the impression, be under the impression, get the idea, feel, have the feeling, get the feeling, 
thinker, brain, intellectual, philosopher, 
thinking, 
thinner, thinnest, 
thirsty, thirst, dying of thirst, parched
This <is different from> that.;  <a different> man
This child <was> first.
This domain is for organization purposes and should not be used for any words. Use the domains in this section for words that belong to a particular part of speech. It is best not to use these domains, since they are based on grammar and not meaning. But if you have a small group of words that belong to a part of speech and you want to list them all, you can use these domains. You can also classify words in this section if you don't know what they mean yet.
This is <my> house.
This is <the same> as that.;  The twins are <the same> in every way.
This is <the same> man that I saw yesterday.;  This isn't <the same> man, it's another man.
This is true, <but> that is also true.;  This is true, <although> that is also true.
This isn't the same man, it's <another> man.;  I'm not talking about John, I'm talking about the <other> man.;  I'm talking about someone <else>.;  It must have been someone <other than> you.
This job is very important <to> John.;  The proposal looks good <in> my <opinion>.
This pot <is used to> make coffee.;  This pot <is used for> making coffee.;  What <is> this pot <used for>?;  This pot <is for> coffee.;  What <is> this pot <for>?;  a pot <for> coffee
thorn, spine, cactus needle, burr
thou (archaic), you (archaic), 
thought, concept, consideration, fact, idea, image, notion, opinion, sentiment, syllogism, 
Thoughts and ideas belong to the <spiritual> realm.
thread, yarn, rope, mat, cloth, clothes
threat, menace, intimidation, terrorism, blackmail, extortion, warning
Threaten
threaten, menace, intimidate, terrorize, frighten, cow, bully, browbeat, blackmail, extort, warn
threatening, menacing, intimidating, bullying
Thresh
thresh, beat
threshing floor
thrifty, economical, frugal, careful with your money
thrill, adventure, excitement
throat, trachea, esophagus, Adam's apple, bronchus, bronchial, windpipe, pharyngeal, pharynx, gullet, epiglottis, glottal, glottis, laryngeal, larynx, 
throb, throbbing,
throne, crown, diadem, scepter, royal robes, presidential seal, 
throne, kingship, presidency, premiership, chieftaincy, chieftainship, position, office
throughout, all through, the whole time, all day, all week, from start to finish
throughout, through, from...to, after, each, apiece
Throw
throw (n), 
Throw away
throw away, throw aside, toss, junk, jettison, discard, eliminate, heave, reject, expel, dispose of, cast off, throw overboard, get rid of, rid yourself of, dump, clean out, purge, smoke out, unload, delete
throw, cast, 
thug, brute, hooligan, hoodlum, animal, psychopath, lout, 
thumb, index finger, forefinger, middle finger, ring finger, little finger
thunder, thunderstorm, thundercloud, thunderhead
thus, thusly, so, how, like this, this way, in that way, in this manner
tickle, pinch, crack a knuckle, hug, embrace
tidal flat
tidal wave, tsunami, 
Tide
tide, rising tide, ebb tide, storm tide, high tide, low tide, the tide is in/out, neap tide
tidiness, neatness, 
Tidy
tidy, immaculate, just so, neat, shipshape, smart, trim, well-kept 
tidy, neat, orderly, organized, consistent, house-proud, 
tidy, tidy up, clean up, clear up, straighten, straighten up, get the place straight, put something straight, put something in order, put something away, 
Tie
tie a knot, knot a rope, braid, 
tie up, bind hand and foot, shackle, 
tie, tie together, tie up, bind, cinch, gird, hitch, lash, moor, rope together, tether, truss, wind, 
tied, bound, lashed, moored, tethered, 
Tight
tight squeeze, 
tight, too small
tighten
timber, log
Time
Time of the day
time to get up, 
Time to get up. Rise and shine. Hey, sleepyhead.
time, date, timing
time, hour, watch, 
time, period, when, sometime, anytime, every time, never, at no time, each time, whenever, sometimes
time, temporal
timekeeper
timely, 
timely, opportune, well-timed, come at the right time, 
timepiece, watch, clock, alarm clock, digital watch, analog watch, electric clock, sundial, pendulum, hourglass
times, 
timing, sense of timing, 
tiny, diminutive, puny, 
tiny, minute, miniscule, microscopic, infinitesimal, wee, diminutive, 
tip off, first quarter, second quarter, first half, half time, buzzer
tip, edge, handle, blade
tiptoe, walk on tiptoes
tire out, wear out, exhaust, tire, do someone in, it nearly killed me, take it out of, weary, fatigue, drain, tax, wear someone down, work someone to death, 
Tired
tired, exhausted, tired out, worn out, weary, shattered, drained, beat, dead beat, be dead on your feet, be ready to drop, bushed, pooped, tuckered out, knackered, run down, spent, dog-tired, haggard, 
tiredness, exhaustion, fatigue, weariness, lethargy, jet-lag, sluggishness, 
tiring, exhausting, wearing, boring, draining, grueling, taxing, tedious, wearisome, wearying, 
tissue, cell, membrane, DNA, gene, protoplasm
title, deed
Title, name of honor
title, terms of address, 
to
To a large degree
To a larger degree
To a small degree
To a smaller degree
to bite (your nails), scratch
to bleed, nosebleed, flow (from a wound), ooze, hemorrhage, 
to clean up, to filter, filter, filtered, strain, to boil, boiled water, let settle
to comb, comb, brush, pick, tangle, snarl, rats nest
to crack (your knuckles), pop
to depend on, that depends, depend upon, dependency, dependent, hang on, tied to, lean on, stand on, supportive relationship
to dream (v), a dream (n), have a dream
to dress, get dressed, put on, clothe, get into, throw on, jump into, don, tuck in, button, zip, tie
to dye, to color, tint, dye
to fast, fast (n), not eat, go without food
to fish, to catch (fish), a catch (of fish), fishing boat
to heat something, to warm something
to humble someone, humiliate, debase, 
to joke, be witty, jest, crack a joke, make pun, to pun, make fun of, make sport of, retort, banter, kid, wisecrack, come back at, josh, clown
to judge, render a verdict, rule on a case
to photograph, take a picture, to film
to point, give a point to, sharpen to a point
to pollute, pollution, polluted, contaminate, dump sewage into
to prune, to hoe, to plow, to pull a plow, to guide a plow, to use a shovel, to dig with a hoe
to report, give a report, give an account, broadcast, claim
to roof, a roof, roofing material
to roughen, scrape, scratch
to smoke, give off sparks, send up sparks, give off heat, glow
to smooth, even out, polish, buff, shine
to speed, move fast, hurry, hasten, be brief
to strive toward a goal, press on, aim for, endeavor, head for, try to accomplish, 
to tax, charge tax, levy taxes, taxation, impose
to undress, get undressed, take off, strip, rip off, get out of
to water, irrigate, irrigation
to, 
to,  
to, destination, 
to, in my opinion, 
Tobacco
tobacco, cigarette, pack of cigarettes, cigar, pipe, chewing tobacco
tobacco, leaf, dry, rack, cut
today, yesterday, the day before yesterday, three days ago, tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, three days from now, the day before, the day after
Together
together, 
toilet paper
toilet, bathroom, loo, john, rest room, wash room, men's room, ladies' room, lavatory, WC, 
tolerance, intolerance
toll, statistics, 
tom, tomcat
tomorrow night, 
tone it down, 
tone, 
tonight, this night, 
too early, too soon, untimely, premature, prematurely, jump the gun, 
too far, out of sight, out of range, beyond reach, out of reach, out of hearing
too late, it's a little late in the day, leave it a bit late, miss, 
too much, too many, excessive, 
Tool
tool, implement, utensil, device, instrument, gadget, hardware, paraphernalia, 
toolbox, tool cabinet
Tooth
Tooth decay
tooth decay, cavity, loose, rotten, gingivitis, 
tooth, incisor, canine tooth, molar, wisdom tooth, milk tooth, baby tooth, 
toothache
toothbrush, floss, toothpick, toothpaste, mouthwash, 
Top
top (adj), uppermost, 
top (n), topside, summit, peak, pinnacle, cap, head, 
top hat, cravat, bustle, turban, headdress, 
top, summit, peak, pinnacle
topic (of conversation)
topsoil, sod
Torso
torture, 
toss and turn, couldn't sleep, lay awake, insomnia, insomniac, sleep disorder
toss, flip, 
total (n), total (adj), sum, tally (n), grand total, subtotal, gross, aggregate, amount, 
total, blanket, overall, global, all-embracing, universal, all-pervading, complete, comprehensive, exhaustive, full, general, indiscriminate, sweeping, thorough, thoroughgoing, unmitigated, unqualified, utter, widespread, worldwide
Touch
touch, feel, run your hand over, brush, caress, contact, feel, finger, fondle, glance, graze, handle, handling, kiss, lick, massage, nuzzle, palm, palpate, paw, rub, scrape, sense, skim, stroke, sweep, thumb, tickle, tickling, 
touchable, tangible, palpable, 
Touching, contact
toward, towards, away from, inward, inwards, outward, outwards
Towards
tower, barracks, dungeon, keep, moat, gatehouse, turret, blockhouse, 
toxic substance, insecticide
toy, doll, plaything, bauble, puzzle, kite, ball, top, trifle, trinket, stilts, jump rope, 
Track an animal
track, 
track, follow, read the signs, stalk, trail, chase
track, print, footprint, paw print, hoof print, sign, trail
tracks, railroad tracks, rail, tie, bed
trade (v), trade (n), domestic trade, foreign trade, commerce, commercial
trade (v), trade (n), exchange (v), exchange (n), swap, barter, 
Traditional clothing
Traditional medicine
traditional medicine, natural medicine
traffic
train, railroad car, engine, caboose, freight train, passenger train, locomotive, freight car, trolley, streetcar
trample on, trample underfoot, ride roughshod over, 
trample, wear a path
transact, transaction
translucent, frosted, cloudy, clouded, hazy, dim, unclear, vague, foggy, smoky, indistinct, faint, misty, muddy, shadowy, turbid, 
Transparent
transparent, clear, see-through, glassy, clear as crystal, crystal clear, show through, unclouded, crystalline, sheer, limpid, vitreous
Transport
transport, transportation, carry, cart, convey, drive, ferry, fly, haul, row, truck, trundle, wheel, 
Trap
trap, snare, pit
Travel
travel by air, fly, aviation
travel by foot, foot it, hoof it, leg it, tramp, strike off on foot
Travel by land
Travel by water
Travel in space
travel overland, overland, 
travel, move from place to place, move around, voyage
traveler, passenger, tourist
treacherous, 
treasonous (action), subversive (activity)
treat a disease, arrest (the spread of a disease), 
Treat disease
treat for (snakebite), snakebite treatment, cut vein, suck poison out, snakebite kit
Tree
tree, arboreal
tree, timber
tremble, quail, quake, shake, shiver, shudder, heart pounds, teeth chatter, be paralyzed with fear, freeze, cower, crouch, cringe, jump, flinch, wince, shrink, slink, stampede, turn tail, turn white, blanch, cry out, goose-flesh, goose-pimples, goose-bumps, 
trespass, trespasser
Trial
trial, case, lawsuit, suit, action, litigation, proceedings, dispute, hearing
Tribal names
tribal scar, tattoo (n), mutilation
tribe, tribal, clan, race
tricycle, scooter, skateboard, roller-skates, roller blades, ice-skates
trilogy, trinity, triple, triumvirate, triune, 
Trim plants
trim, prune, cut back, thin
trip someone
trip someone up, catch someone out, 
trip, slip, stumble, lose your balance, lose your footing, keep your balance, stay up, 
trite, over-used, stale, banal, be wearing thin, threadbare, clich\xc3\xa9d, corny, hackneyed, shopworn, stereotyped, commonplace
troops, force, unit, 
trot, canter, jog, lope
trot, run, wag its tail
Trouble
trouble, adversity, difficulty, hardship
trout, minnow, catfish, mudfish, perch
True
true, truth, accurate, in fact, right, correct
trunk, frond, midrib, leaf, needle, nut, husk, shell, meat, milk
trunk, stalk, reed, bole, woody, base
Trust
trust, believe in, put your trust in, have confidence in, 
trust, confidence, faith, blind faith, 
trusting, 
trustworthy, responsible, trusted, 
try and do something, in an effort to do something, in an attempt to do something, 
try for all your worth, do your utmost, do everything you can, do all you can, give your all, pull out all the stops, struggle to do something, go to great lengths to do something, 
try for, go for, try out for, shoot for, make a bid for, struggle for, go all out, go after, 
try to lose weight, watch your weight, watch your figure, diet, be on a diet, go on a diet, slim (v), 
try to, attempt to, 
try, attempt
Try, attempt
try, attempt, make an attempt, experiment, test, make a stab at it, give it a go, try it out, see if it works, make an effort, aim to do something, assay, endeavor, essay, seek to do something, strain, struggle, undertake, venture, give it a whirl, have a try, try and do something, see if you can do something, 
tub, porker, 
tug of war
tuna, trout, sardines
tune, in tune, out of tune, sharp, flat, warm up
tunnel
Turn
Turn and <face> north.;  The temple <faced> east.;  We buried him with his feet <pointing> west.;  The captain <pointed> the ship into the wind.
turn around, reverse direction, retreat, go back, retire to the rear
turn inside-out
turn off, switch off, 
turn on, light (a candle), switch on, 
turn out, put out, turn down, switch off, 
Turn something
turn up side down, turn over, upturn, flip over
turn up, 
turn up, turn down, adjust the volume
turn,  
turn, change direction/course, deviate, go off at an angle, swerve, 
turn, turn around, bend (something's) course
turntable, tape recorder, tape deck, tape player, CD player, juke box, music system, hi-fi, stereo, amplifier, speaker, boom box, walkman
Turtle
turtle (water), tortoise (land)
twice as much (as), two times as much (as), two times what, double what, 
twice, double, twice as much (as), two times as much (as), two times what, double what, 
twice, twice over, two-time, 
twinkle, glitter, shimmer, flicker, glimmer, 
twinkle, wink, glittering, star shaped
twist, wind, twine, coil, wring, wring out, torque
Twist, wring
twisted, sick, perverted, depraved, terrible, 
twisted, winding, entwined, coiled, wrung out
Two
two-time, three-time, 
Two <multiplied by> two equals four.;  Two <times> two makes four.
Two <plus> two is four.;  Two <and> two makes four.;  Two <added to> two equals four.
two kilos <of> sugar
two nights ago, the night before last, 
Two plus two <is> four.;  Two added to two <equals> four.;  If you add two and two, you <get> four.
two, second, two times, two-fold, double (v), twins, brace, dichotomy, deuce, dual, dyad, twain, yoke, in pairs, in twos, two by two, by twos, two at a time, two apiece, two each, both, either, neither, 
Type, kind
type, kind, class, group, variety, 
Types of animals
Types of food
Types of houses
Types of people
Types of sounds
udder
ugliness, 
Ugly
ugly, hideous, repulsive, grotesque, unsightly, 
ugly, hideous, revolting, unattractive, unsightly, 
um, uh, er, hmm, yeah, let's see, hold on a minute, let me see, let me think 
umbilical cord, placenta, placental, sack, fluid, afterbirth, 
umbrella, raincoat, boot
un-, a-, self-, super-, -ment, -hood, -ous, -ly, -fy 
unacceptable, dissatisfactory, abnormal, unpleasing, impolite, ill mannered, rude
unapparent
unappreciated, 
unattainable, out of reach
unattractive, be a turn-off, sexless, 
unaware, mindless, unmindful, bored, disregard, flighty, heedless, oblivious, 
unbearable, unbearably, intolerable, intolerably, unendurable, 
unbeliever, pagan, gentile, heathen, atheist, agnostic, irreligious, godless
unbending, inflexible, inflexibility, rigid, rigidity, 
unbiased, impartial, impartially, impartiality, 
unborn child, unborn baby, fetus, embryo, 
uncaring, unconcerned, unfeeling, apathetic, indifferent, unmoved, blas\xc3\xa9, 
Uncertain
uncertain, doubtful, be in doubt, there is doubt about, it's touch and go, hang in the balance, iffy
uncertain, not be certain, not be clear, it's up in the air, there is uncertainty
uncle
Uncle, aunt
unclear, not clear, faint, blurred, blur, blurry, barely discernible, dim, inconspicuous, indistinct, obscure, unapparent, 
uncomfortable, 
uncomfortable, discomfort
uncomfortable, rough, bumpy
uncommitted, nominal, lukewarm
unconcern, 
unconformity, nonconformity
uncoordinated, awkward, ungainly, clumsy, gawky, inelegant, klutz, ungraceful, lumbering, have two left feet, gangling, 
Uncover
uncover, remove (a cover), take off, reveal
under the circumstances, in the circumstances, given the circumstances, given the situation, as it is, as things stand, force of circumstances, the way things are,  
Under, below
under, underneath, beneath
under, underneath, beneath, under-, sub-
Underground
underground, below ground, subterranean, abyss, bedrock, core, mantle, stratum, subsoil
underlay, underlie, 
underlying, nether, 
undersized, dwarf, midget, extra small, 
Understand
understand differently, give a different interpretation
understand, perceive, realize, see, recognize, recognition, figure out
understand, understanding, comprehend, have/gain insight
Understandable
understandable
undeserved, inappropriate, unwarranted, unearned, 
unemotional, dispassionate, unfeeling, insensitive, unsentimental, 
Unemployed, not working
unemployed, not working, out of work, idle, jobless, looking for work
uneven, dip, depression, basin, rut, rutted
uneven, rough, hilly, wavy, lumpy, broken (ground), rugged
Unfair
unfair, unjust, wrongful, 
unfairness, discrimination, bias, prejudice
unfelt, intangible, 
unfit, not be in shape, be out of condition, be out of shape, 
unfit, not fit, 
unfortunate, regrettable,
Unfriendly
unfriendly, cold, inhospitable, hostile, antagonistic, give someone the cold shoulder, 
unfriendly, cool, strained, frosty, turn sour
unfriendly, unwelcoming, inhospitable, impersonal, forbidding
ungulate, herbivore, clean animal, ruminant
unharmed, unhurt, unscathed, come to no harm, no harm done, without a scratch, in one piece, walk away from
unholy, common
unification, union, 
unified, 
uniform, ball, clock, scoreboard
uniform, dress uniform, fatigues, camouflage, helmet, beret, cap, gasmask, braid, 
uniform, homogeneous, 
unifying, uniting
unimaginable, inconceivable, 
unimaginative, uncreative, 
Unintelligible
unintelligible, foreign
unintelligible, indistinct, garbled
Uninterested, bored
uninterested, disinterested, apathetic, bored, dull, lethargic, uncaring, unconcerned, unenthusiastic, half-hearted, lukewarm, 
uninteresting, not very interesting, boring, dull, tedious, uneventful, unexciting, humdrum, monotonous, repetitive, long-winded, 
union, unity, assembly, assemblage, bundle, ensemble, merger, trinity, triumvirate, partnership, compound, couple, coupling, conglomerate, combination, construct (n), 
Unique
unique, distinctive
unit, measure, standard, scale, benchmark, 
unite, unify, join, merge, blend, fuse, consolidate
united, unified, cohesive, joined, combined, connected, undivided, one in spirit, one in purpose, single-minded
Unity
unity, oneness, integration, unification
Universe, creation
universe, creation, cosmos, heaven and earth, macrocosm, everything that exists
unknowable
unknown
unlikely, improbable, doubtful, remote
unlit, dimly-lit, darkened, the half-light, 
unloved, unlovable,  
unloving, uncaring, 
Unlucky
unlucky, be bad luck, bring bad luck, a jinx on, 
unlucky, unfortunate, have the misfortune to do something, have bad luck, be out of luck, a run of bad luck, it's one of those days, it's not my day, 
unlucky, unfortunate, unfortunately, as bad luck would have it, be bad luck, 
unlucky, with my luck, just my luck, jinxed, born under a bad star, cursed, 
Unmarried
unnecessary, extraneous, incidental, inessential, needless, nonessential, uncalled-for, unessential, unnecessary, unneeded, 
unnecessary, needless, gratuitous, dispensable, luxury, 
unnerve, 
unobservant, unperceptive, oblivious, can't see the forest for the trees, got your head in the clouds
unordered, out of sequence
unperceived, imperceptible, unnoticeable, undetectable, undetected, indistinguishable, 
unpleasant, not very nice, nasty, unappetizing, unpalatable, 
unpopular, be out of favor, go out of favor with, there's no demand for
unprecedented, a first, 
unprepared, unready
unprovoked, 
unravel, come unraveled, be all unraveled, ravel
unreal, artificial, imaginary, phony, pretend, 
unrecognizable, unfamiliar, strange, changed beyond all recognition
Unreliable
unroll, unfurl, 
unspoiled, unblemished, 
unsteady, shaky, easily moved, unstable, unsettled, rickety, tottering, wobbly
unsteady, unstable, precarious, 
unsuitable, not suitable, not be cut out for, wrong, ill-suited to, not suited to, 
Unsure
unsweetened, savory, dry, 
untangle, unravel, comb out, straighten out, 
unthankful, unappreciative, ungrateful, 
unthinking, unintentional, thoughtless, mindless
untidiness, messiness, disorderliness, 
Untidy
untidy, messy, be a mess, bedraggled, careless, cluttered, disheveled, frowzy, rumpled, slatternly, slovenly, be all in a muddle, 
untidy, messy, slovenly, slob, disorderly
untidy, scruffy, unkempt, disheveled, bedraggled
untie, be untied, take off the rope, undo
Until
until, wait until, 
untrue, false, falsehood, wrong, error, inaccurate, incorrect, mistake
untrustworthy, can't be trusted, not to be trusted, 
Unusual
Unusual birth
unusual, abnormal, exceptional, aberrant, peculiar, unnatural, eccentric, uncommon, rare, unique, odd, strange, queer, quaint, original, unconventional, weird
unusual, rare, infrequent, out of the ordinary, abnormal, unnatural, atypical, singular
unwanted, undesirable, 
unwilling to learn, close your mind, closed minded, refuse to learn, won't listen to reason, stubborn, hard heart, mind made up
unwilling, unwillingness, forced, grudging, involuntary, loath, pressured, reluctant, 
Up
up to, as much as, to the degree that
up, high, 
up, upwards, upward, uphill, upstairs, higher and higher, up and down, 
upper class, aristocracy, privileged, elite, titled, posh, your betters, rich, 
upper leg, groin, thigh, knee, kneecap, lower leg, calf, shin, ankle, 'wing', foot, heel, sole, ball of foot, the outside part of foot, instep, arch, shank, 
Uproot plants
uproot, pull, dig out (stump), root out
Upset
upset someone, agitate, churn me up inside, discomfit, discompose, disconcert, distract, distress, disturb, hurt, hurt someone's feelings, perturb, pressure (v), rattle, stir, unsettle, 
upset, agitated, 
upsetting, distressing, harrowing, painful, traumatic, 
upside down, inverted, upended
urge, request, let, why don't, please
urinal
urinate, pee, piss, take a piss, take a leak, 
Urinate, urine
urine, pee, 
Use
use (n), 
Use a person
use someone, take advantage of, exploit, take liberties, manipulate, wrap/twist someone around your little finger,  
Use the domains in this section for words referring to moving in a direction related to the orientation of the person's body (not in relation to the position of the destination).
Use the domains in this section for words that indicate a logical relation between two or more words or sentences. Use this domain for words that indicate an unspecified logical relation between people, things, or situations.
Use the domains in this section for words that relate one time to another. Use this domain for words that indicate a temporal relation between situations.
Use the following section for words that don't belong in any other domain because they are so general in meaning that you can use them to talk about any topic. Use this domain for general and indefinite words that can be used in the place of any word. Some languages have a general word that can replace a noun or a verb. For instance some Philippine languages use the word 'kwan' in this way. Colloquial German can use the word 'dings' as a noun or verb. Often these words are used when you can't remember the particular word you are trying to think of. In English we use the word 'blank' when we don't want to say a word, for instance when we are testing someone and want them to say the word.
Use this domain for actions of animals.
Use this domain for all the ways a person can stop a fire.
Use this domain for all the words related to arranging a marriage. Cultures vary widely in their practices. In some cultures marriages are arranged by the parents. In other cultures a man must seek a wife for himself. Some cultures allow either practice or a combination of the two. So some of the questions below may be inappropriate to your culture.
Use this domain for amphibians (phylum Chordata, class Amphibia).
Use this domain for animal homes. It is necessary to think through the homes of each type of animal, especially the important ones.
Use this domain for any place where fires are normally burned.
Use this domain for bats--flying mammals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Chiroptera).
Use this domain for birds (phylum Chordata, class Aves).
Use this domain for bushes and shrubs--plants that are smaller than trees and have several wooden trunks (Phylum Spermatophyta, Subdivision Angiospermae).
Use this domain for carnivores--meat-eating animals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Carnivora).
Use this domain for common nicknames--an additional name given to a person later in life, often descriptive. Also include general names used to call or refer to someone when you don't know their name
Use this domain for conjunctions and particles that function on the discourse level, and whose meaning and function is uncertain.
Use this domain for conjunctions that simply move the discourse forward without any specific relationship indicated between what comes before and what comes after.
Use this domain for demonstrative pronouns.
Use this domain for even-toed hoofed animals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Artiodactyla), odd-toed hoofed animals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Perissodactyla), and elephants (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Proboscidea).
Use this domain for facial expressions--ways in which people move the parts of their faces to show feeling or communicate something.
Use this domain for fish (phylum Chordata, class Osteichthyes).
Use this domain for functions of the heart and blood veins.
Use this domain for general adjectives that can replace or stand for a specific adjective.
Use this domain for general adverbs that can replace or stand for other adverbs.
Use this domain for general verbs with a volitional subject (agent).
Use this domain for general words for a person or all mankind.
Use this domain for general words for all plants. Use a book of pictures to identify plant names and the scientific name. Languages divide plants into various domains that are not always comparable from language to language. Criterial features may be characteristics (trees and bushes are distinguished by size and number of trunks) and use (grass and weeds are distinguished by their desirability). A common distinction is between trees and non-trees, with trees described as being big, woody, and having a life expectancy of several years, while non-trees are small, non-woody, and have a life expectancy of typically not more than one year (Heine, Bernd and Karsten Legere. 1995. Swahili plants. Rudiger Koppe Verlag: Koln.). Agricultural societies will divide plants into wild and cultivated. However most plants for which there are names have some use. Therefore it does not seem helpful to divide plant names into domains for useful and non-useful plants. Since only parts of plants are eaten, edible parts of plants are listed under the domain 'Food'. Some languages may have more domains than are used in this list, others may have fewer. The classification system used here does not agree entirely with the system used by botanists. For instance botanists do not classify all the tree species together. The palm trees belong to the class Monocotyledoneae and are classified with lilies, bananas, and orchids. Apple and cherry trees belong to the class Dicotyledoneae and are classified in the rose family along with roses and blackberries. The acacia tree also belongs to the class Dicotyledoneae and is classified in the pulse family along with lupines and beans. However most folk taxonomies bring all the trees together. The scientific classification system for plants and animals is taken from: Carruth, Gorton, ed. 1989. The Volume Library, Vols. 1 and 2. The Southwestern Company: Nashville.
Use this domain for general words for being disabled--to be injured or born with a condition, so that some part of your body does not work.
Use this domain for general words for disease and for words referring to specific diseases.
Use this domain for general words for family relationships, not for specific terms.
Use this domain for general words for physical actions--moving yourself, moving things, and changing things.
Use this domain for general words for the whole human body, and general words for any part of the body. Use a drawing or photo to label each part. Some words may be more general than others are and include some of the other words. For instance 'head' is more general than 'face' or 'nose'. Be sure that both general and specific parts are labeled.
Use this domain for general words for tools and machines. The domains in this section should be used for general tools and machines that are used in a variety of tasks. Specialized tools and machines should be classified under the specific work or activity for which they are used.
Use this domain for general words for using the hands to move something.
Use this domain for general words indicating the posture or stance of a person's body. Use the domains in this section for specific words for postures and for moving parts of the body. Many of these words have two meanings. One meaning is stative, indicating that the body is in a particular posture, but not moving. The other meaning is active, indicating that the person is moving his body into a particular posture. Some of these words can be used of animals or even things, if the things are perceived as being similar in posture to that of a human body.
Use this domain for general words refer to the state or condition of something.
Use this domain for general words referring to a direction.
Use this domain for general words referring to a house where people live.
Use this domain for general words referring to a person's behavior.
Use this domain for general words referring to animals.
Use this domain for general words referring to being alive and to a person's lifetime.
Use this domain for general words referring to bodies of water.
Use this domain for general words referring to communication of all kinds.
Use this domain for general words referring to conflict between people, including quarreling, fighting, and war. The words in this domain should be very general, rather than referring to specific kinds of conflict.
Use this domain for general words referring to culture--the way a group of people (such as a tribe) behaves that is different from other groups.
Use this domain for general words referring to food.
Use this domain for general words referring to ingredients--the things that are added together when preparing food.
Use this domain for general words referring to making a physical impact on  something, including the words for the action itself and the result of the  action.
Use this domain for general words referring to mammals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia).
Use this domain for general words referring to matter--what something is made out of, or a type of solid, liquid, or gas.
Use this domain for general words referring to mental and verbal activity. This domain is primarily for grouping many related domains. Therefore there may be no general word in a language to cover such a broad area of meaning.
Use this domain for general words referring to moving something or someone.
Use this domain for general words referring to proper nouns--the name given to a particular person or thing to distinguish it from other things like it. Proper nouns are often not included in a dictionary, or are included in an appendix at the front or back of a dictionary. This is because there are so many of them, they are sometimes difficult to define, and it saves space in the dictionary. For instance place names can be included in a map. So it might be good to type the proper nouns into a special file.
Use this domain for general words referring to prosperity and trouble
Use this domain for general words referring to religion and the supernatural.
Use this domain for general words referring to reptiles (phylum Chordata, class Reptilia).
Use this domain for general words referring to social activities.
Use this domain for general words referring to the amount or quantity of something.
Use this domain for general words referring to the mind--the part of a person that thinks.
Use this domain for general words referring to the physical universe. Some languages may not have a single word for the universe and may have to use a phrase such as 'rain, soil, and things of the sky' or 'sky, land, and water' or a descriptive phrase such as 'everything you can see' or 'everything that exists'.
Use this domain for general words referring to the quality or condition of something.
Use this domain for general words referring to the shape of something, and for general words referring to changing the shape of something.
Use this domain for general words referring to the texture of something--how the surface of something feels when you touch it.
Use this domain for general words referring to the way in which a person moves.
Use this domain for general words referring to things.
Use this domain for general words referring to water.
Use this domain for general words related to all the senses--sight, hearing, smell, taste, and feeling. Some languages may not distinguish some of these senses, and some languages may have words for other senses. There are also other senses that animals have. If your language has words for other senses, include them here.
Use this domain for general words related to cleaning things.
Use this domain for general words related to feeling bad.
Use this domain for general words related to feelings and emotions.
Use this domain for general words related to growing crops. If one crop is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it.
Use this domain for general words related to growing grain crops such as barley, maize (corn), millet, oats, rice, rye, sesame, sorghum, and wheat. If one crop is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it. This has already been done for rice, wheat, and maize, since they are so common around the world.
Use this domain for general words related to moving something in a direction.
Use this domain for general words related to positive emotions.
Use this domain for general words related to reading and writing.
Use this domain for general words related to the condition of the body.
Use this domain for general words related to the immaterial, non-physical part of a person, as opposed to the body.
Use this domain for general words related to time, and for words indicating the temporal location of an event.
Use this domain for general words related to working.
Use this domain for general words that refer to fire and for words referring to types of fire. These words may be specific for what is being burned (forest fire 'a fire burning a forest'), the size of the fire (inferno 'a very large hot fire'), or the place where the fire burns (hellfire 'the fire in hell').
Use this domain for general words that relate to all living things.
Use this domain for holding something in the hand.
Use this domain for imagining things--to think about something that does not exist, or to think about something happening that has never happened.
Use this domain for intransitive verbs of movement referring to moving your whole body to a different location. There are many components of meaning involved in verbs of movement. They can include a source location (from), a goal location (to), a path (along), manner (walk, run), speed (race, crawl), direction
Use this domain for leaven--things that are added to food to make them ferment.
Use this domain for machines that indicate what time it is.
Use this domain for mammals that live in the sea--whales and dolphins (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Cetacea), seals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Pinnipedia), and sea cows (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Sirenia).
Use this domain for mammals with few or no teeth--anteaters (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Edentata), pangolins (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Pholidota), aardvarks (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Tubulidentata), and platypus--mammals that lay eggs (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Monotremata).
Use this domain for marsupials (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Marsupialia). Marsupials carry their young in a pouch.
Use this domain for money given to a person to do something bad.
Use this domain for mosses (phylum Bryophyta, class Musci), liverworts (phylum Bryophyta, class Hepaticae), fungi (phylum Thallophyta, subdivision Fungi), algae (phylum Thallophyta, subdivision Algae), and lichens. These plants do not have true roots, stems, or leaves. The mosses are small, green, flowerless plants that grow in moist environments and look like velvety or feathery growths carpeting the ground, tree trunks, and rocks. The liverworts are similar to the mosses with a flat and branching growth pattern. The algae possess green chlorophyll. They vary from one-celled organisms, which sometimes live in colonies such as pond scum, to complex organisms such as seaweed. The fungi do not possess chlorophyll and feed off of other organic material. Lichens consist of a fungus and an algae growing together. They commonly grow on trunks of trees and rocks. Some are flat and leafy, and some are moss like.
Use this domain for moving across a smooth or lubricated surface.
Use this domain for naturally occurring elements, compounds, and minerals--things you can find in the ground.
Use this domain for non-volitional pro-verbs.
Use this domain for numbers that refer to the number of times something happens or is done. These numbers may be adverbs as in English (twice) or in some languages they may be verbs (to do something two times).
Use this domain for objects such as jewelry that are put on or attached to the body or to the clothes as decoration.
Use this domain for obscene words related to sex, defecation, death, damnation, and other taboo or offensive subjects. It is important to check the appropriateness of including obscene words in the dictionary. It should be the choice of the speakers of the language whether a word should be included or excluded. Obscene words included in the dictionary should be clearly marked as such. Obscenity is often used to heighten the emotion of an expression, and is often used when someone is angry. Obscenity is often associated with sex or defecation. Cursing is often associated with God, religion, or the afterlife. Insults often involve equating a person with an animal that is associated with an undesirable characteristic, questioning someone's parentage/legitimacy, questioning someone's character, or questioning someone's intelligence/sanity.
Use this domain for other series of numbers that are different from those in the previous domains.
Use this domain for personal expressions of devotion to God, in whatever ways the religion defines and expresses it.
Use this domain for plants that are used for medicine.
Use this domain for primates (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Primates).
Use this domain for pronouns that do not refer to a definite person or thing, but can refer to anyone or anything. Some languages will not have all the sets of pronouns described below. Add each set you find in your language to the pronoun chart.
Use this domain for pronouns that refer back to the subject of the sentence. These pronouns should be added to the chart of personal pronouns.
Use this domain for pronouns used in questions.
Use this domain for pronouns used in relative clauses.
Use this domain for rodents--gnawing animals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Rodentia), insect eating animals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Insectivora), rabbits (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Lagomorpha), and hyraxes (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Hyracoidea).
Use this domain for sharks and rays--animals with cartilage instead of bones (phylum Chordata, class Chondrichthyes), and eels (phylum Chordata, class Cyclostomata).
Use this domain for situations in which a question or issues are being debated, more than one option is possible, and a person chooses to think in one way about the question or issue.
Use this domain for small plants that have roots, stems, flowers, and seeds, but do not have a wooden trunk (Phylum Spermatophyta, Subdivision Angiospermae). Also include the seedless plants, such as ferns (phylum Pteridophyta, class Felicineae), horsetails (phylum Pteridophyta, class Equisetineae), and club mosses (phylum Pteridophyta, class Lycopodineae). Plants of the Pteridophyta phylum have no flowers or seeds. Ferns have large, divided, feather-like leaves, or fronds. Club mosses are small (rarely over one meter) evergreen plants with simple leaves resembling pine or hemlock needles. Sometimes they grow upright, but often trail on the ground, where they propagate by means of runners. Horsetails send up tall, vertical, jointed stalks with branches covered with scale like leaves.
Use this domain for special clothes worn by special people. It is necessary to think through all the various special types of people in the culture and think of any special clothes worn by them. Several examples are given below, but there are many others.
Use this domain for spices--things that are added to food to make them taste better.
Use this domain for spiders (phylum Arthropoda, class Arachnida). Note that insects have six legs and spiders have eight legs. However some languages may not distinguish insects from spiders and may use other characteristics to sub-divide the Arthropods.
Use this domain for technical linguistic terms that refer to grammatical words and constructions. Most languages have few if any words in this domain.
Use this domain for terms of endearment--a name used by lovers or spouses to express love or intimacy. Some languages may have special names used by close friends.
Use this domain for the functions and actions of the hand.
Use this domain for the functions and actions of the whole body. Use the subdomains in this section  for functions, actions, secretions, and products of various parts of the body. In each domain include any special words that are used of animals.
Use this domain for the names of insect species (phylum Arthropoda, class Insecta). Note that insects have six legs and spiders have eight legs. However some languages may not distinguish insects from spiders and may use other characteristics to sub-divide the Arthropods.
Use this domain for the names of worms, animals with shells, and other animals that do not fit into any of the other categories.
Use this domain for the numbers that refer to a fraction of something.
Use this domain for the parts of a bird, but not general parts that belong to all animals.
Use this domain for the parts of a fish.
Use this domain for the parts of a reptile.
Use this domain for the parts of an insect.
Use this domain for the parts of animals, especially those of mammals.
Use this domain for the parts of small animals.
Use this domain for the parts of the arm.
Use this domain for the parts of the head.
Use this domain for the parts of the leg and foot.
Use this domain for the parts of the torso.
Use this domain for the personal pronouns, including independent, subject, object, and possessive pronouns. It is best to collect all the pronouns in a chart. This way you are more certain of collecting them all and seeing how they are related to each other. A language may have more sets and more distinctions than English does, or it may have less. For instance some languages have a pronoun 'we' which includes the hearer, and another pronoun 'we' which excludes the hearer. Other languages have an indefinite pronoun that means something like the English word 'someone'. Many languages do not have the masculine (he), feminine (she), and neuter (it) distinctions that English has. It is necessary to determine the sets and functions of the pronouns for each language.
Use this domain for the primary goal or goals of a religion, for instance in Christianity salvation from sin, death and Hell. Each religion has different beliefs about salvation. Our purpose here is not to preach or argue, but to list those words that people use to talk about this topic.
Use this domain for the proper names of cities, towns, and villages in the language area. Include the names of important cities outside of the language area if your language has a special name for the city or a different pronunciation for it. It might be good to use a map for this. In fact it is good to include a map of the language area in a published dictionary. If your language area is very large, there may be hundreds or thousands of cities, towns, and villages. In this case you will have to decide which should be included in the dictionary. Or you could decided to list them in a special section.
Use this domain for the proper names of highways, roads, streets, and trails in the language area. If there are many such names, only include the important names (e.g. King's Highway) or commonly used names (e.g. Main Street).
Use this domain for the proper names of the clans that exist within the language community. The distinction between family, clan, tribe, and nation is based on politics and emotion. Our purpose here is not to make political statements, but merely to list the names. There may be no distinction between family and clan, in which case ignore this domain and use the domain 'Family names'.
Use this domain for the proper names of the continents. Only include the names of continents if your language has borrowed or adapted the name and you talk about them in your language.
Use this domain for the proper names of the countries that exist around the language community, especially those countries where your language is spoken. Include the name of your own country. Do not list every country in the world, unless your language has developed special names or pronunciations for those countries. Include any country that you refer to in your language, especially those names whose pronunciation you have adapted to fit your language. Give the form of the name that you use, rather than the official spelling. For instance the Japanese refer to their country as 'Nihon', but in English will call it 'Japan'. So
Use this domain for the proper names of the families that exist within the language community. If your culture does not use family names, just leave this domain empty.
Use this domain for the proper names of the heavenly bodies.
Use this domain for the proper names of the languages that are spoken in the area around the language community, including the name of your own language. These language names may or may not correspond with the names of countries. Do not try to include every language name in the world, only the neighboring and important ones. For instance you might want to include the languages that border your own and the national language. Give the form that you use. For instance the German people call their language 'Deutsch', but in English we call it 'German'.
Use this domain for the proper names of the mountains in the language area. Only include the names of mountains outside the language area if your language has borrowed or adapted the name and you talk about them in your language.
Use this domain for the proper names of the oceans and lakes in the language area. Only include the names of oceans and lakes outside the language area if your language has borrowed or adapted the name and you talk about them in your language.
Use this domain for the proper names of the regions within your country or language area. Some of these may be political regions. Others may be informal terms. Give the local pronunciation, rather than some foreign spelling. You may want to limit this domain to just those areas within your language area. However if you have special names for areas outside of your language area, for example 'the Mideast', you should include them.
Use this domain for the proper names of the rivers in the language area. Only include the names of rivers outside the language area if your language has borrowed or adapted the name and you talk about them in your language.
Use this domain for the proper names of the tribes that exist around the language community, including the name of your own tribe. These tribal names may or may not correspond with the names of countries.
Use this domain for the sounds animals make. It is necessary to think through the sounds each type of animal makes, especially the important ones.
Use this domain for things used to move.
Use this domain for those names that are given to people, that people use to call to each other and to talk about each other.
Use this domain for throwing away something that you no longer want.
Use this domain for trees--flowering plants with roots, stems, and leaves, which are large and have a wooden trunk (Phylum Spermatophyta, Subdivision Angiospermae). Also include the evergreen trees (Phylum Spermatophyta, Subdivision Gymnospermae). Evergreen trees do not have flowers, but have cone like fruits (pinecones) that contain seeds. Their leaves are shaped like needles and are retained for over a year.
Use this domain for turning something--to cause something to change direction, or to cause something to revolve or move in a circle.
Use this domain for types of beverages containing alcohol.
Use this domain for types of fuel and for words used in making, collecting, storing, or using fuel. This domain includes the scenario of collecting firewood.
Use this domain for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate tense (also known as temporal deixis)--the time of a situation (event, activity, or state) in relation to a reference point, which is usually the time of utterance. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
Use this domain for verbs for catching something that is thrown or dropped
Use this domain for verbs that are used of fire: "The fire is ____." In some languages there are verbs for what is happening to the thing that is burning: "The house is ____."
Use this domain for very general words having to do with how people behave in relationship to other people.
Use this domain for ways in which animals move. Only include words specific for the movement of animals. For the movement of people use the domains under Movement. It is necessary to think through how each type of animal moves, especially the important ones.
Use this domain for ways of saying that someone should do something. If I say someone should do something, I think it is good that he does it.
Use this domain for when a person does not understand a topic or the meaning of something.
Use this domain for when someone or something causes something to move away from him.
Use this domain for when two people agree on something, think the same way about something, or agree on a decision.
Use this domain for when two people disagree about something.
Use this domain for word related to feeling upset--to feel very bad because someone has done something bad to you or because something bad has happened to you, so that your thinking and behavior is affected.
Use this domain for words and affixes that indicate that there is more than one of something. Some languages, such as Indo-European languages,  indicate plural with an affix. Other languages, such as Austronesian languages, use a separate word. Some languages also have words or affixes that indicate that there are two of something.
Use this domain for words describing a big area.
Use this domain for words describing a group of things that are all different from each other.
Use this domain for words describing a horizontal orientation in relation to the ground or something that is level--a flat surface that does not rise in any direction. A person is horizontal when he is sleeping. A field is level when it is not on a hill and it has no uneven areas in it.
Use this domain for words describing a leaning orientation in relation to the ground, or a surface that is sloping.
Use this domain for words describing a person or animal who is fat.
Use this domain for words describing a person or animal who is thin.
Use this domain for words describing a person who acts in an altruistic, selfless manner--to act out of concern for the welfare of others without concern for your own welfare.
Use this domain for words describing a person who is leaning.
Use this domain for words describing a person who is sick.
Use this domain for words describing a relaxed posture.
Use this domain for words describing a vertical orientation in relation to the ground. A person is vertical when he is standing.
Use this domain for words describing a whole thing--all of something with no parts missing.
Use this domain for words describing an independent person--someone who does things without other people's help.
Use this domain for words describing logical thinking.
Use this domain for words describing someone or something that is beautiful--pleasing in appearance,.
Use this domain for words describing someone or something that is ugly--not pleasing in appearance.
Use this domain for words describing someone who is brave--not afraid to do something dangerous.
Use this domain for words describing something bad.
Use this domain for words describing something happening late--after the expected time, after the usual time, or after the time that was agreed on.
Use this domain for words describing something happening on time--at the expected time, at the usual time, or at the time that was agreed on.
Use this domain for words describing something made by hand instead of by a machine.
Use this domain for words describing something modern--a word that describes something like a machine, system, or country that uses the most recent equipment, ideas, and methods.
Use this domain for words describing something new--a word describing something that has only existed for a short time.
Use this domain for words describing something old--a word describing a living thing that has existed for a long time.
Use this domain for words describing something old--a word describing something that has existed for a long time.
Use this domain for words describing something old fashioned--something that was done or used in the past, but not done or used now.
Use this domain for words describing something that is artificial--something that is made by people.
Use this domain for words describing something that is basic.
Use this domain for words describing something that is better than something else.
Use this domain for words describing something that is big.
Use this domain for words describing something that is black.
Use this domain for words describing something that is blunt.
Use this domain for words describing something that is bright.
Use this domain for words describing something that is cold.
Use this domain for words describing something that is colored.
Use this domain for words describing something that is common.
Use this domain for words describing something that is concave--extending inward in shape away from the viewer. The inside of a bowl is concave in shape.
Use this domain for words describing something that is convenient--a good time to do something.
Use this domain for words describing something that is convex--extending outward in shape toward the viewer.
Use this domain for words describing something that is dark--a place where there is little or no light.
Use this domain for words describing something that is decorated.
Use this domain for words describing something that is dense.
Use this domain for words describing something that is difficult or impossible to do.
Use this domain for words describing something that is dry.
Use this domain for words describing something that is easy or possible to do.
Use this domain for words describing something that is flat--having a surface that is even. A board or wall is flat when its surface is even and it does not bend.
Use this domain for words describing something that is good.
Use this domain for words describing something that is gray.
Use this domain for words describing something that is hollow--empty on the inside.
Use this domain for words describing something that is hot.
Use this domain for words describing something that is important.
Use this domain for words describing something that is meaningless--something someone says that doesn't mean anything.
Use this domain for words describing something that is mediocre.
Use this domain for words describing something that is multicolored--having many different colors.
Use this domain for words describing something that is natural--something in the world around us, as opposed to something that has been made or changed by people.
Use this domain for words describing something that is perfect.
Use this domain for words describing something that is physical--that you can touch and see, and for words describing something that is non-physical--that you cannot touch or see.
Use this domain for words describing something that is pointed.
Use this domain for words describing something that is private--something that only concerns you, and for words describing something that is public--something that concerns many people.
Use this domain for words describing something that is sharp.
Use this domain for words describing something that is simple or plain.
Use this domain for words describing something that is soft or flimsy.
Use this domain for words describing something that is strange.
Use this domain for words describing something that is the same thing as you just mentioned, or describing two things that are exactly the same.
Use this domain for words describing something that is thin.
Use this domain for words describing something that is unique--not like anything else.
Use this domain for words describing something that is unusual.
Use this domain for words describing something that is usual.
Use this domain for words describing something that is white.
Use this domain for words describing something that is worse than something else.
Use this domain for words describing something that many people like.
Use this domain for words describing something young--a word describing a living thing that has only existed for a short time.
Use this domain for words describing something, such as a tool or way of doing something, that is proper for a particular time, place, purpose, or job. The words in this domain involve a comparison between two things, an item and a setting. An evaluation is made as to how good the item is in the setting. The words may be used only of certain types of items, certain types of settings, or certain types of usefulness.
Use this domain for words describing something, such as a tool or way of doing something, that is unsuitable for a particular time, place, purpose, or job.
Use this domain for words describing the appearance of something that has pleasing aspects or inspires awe and wonder in the viewer. For instance, the palace of a king, the home of a rich man, or a temple may be elaborately decorated and be described as glorious or magnificent. Or something in nature such as a sunset or flower may inspire awe and wonder.
Use this domain for words describing the different states of matter (solid, liquid, and gas), and words for changing from one to another.
Use this domain for words describing the manner in which a person eats.
Use this domain for words describing the quality or condition of water.
Use this domain for words describing the surface of water.
Use this domain for words describing the way a person talks in a particular social situation.
Use this domain for words describing two things or people that are similar, but not the same.
Use this domain for words describing two things that are different--not the same.
Use this domain for words describing two things that are opposite.
Use this domain for words describing types of animals. Use a book of pictures to identify each species and its scientific name. This section is organized according to the scientific, biological classification of animals. It may not correspond to the local classification of animals (folk taxonomy), which are often based on how people relate to animals (tame/wild, edible/work). Use this domain for words referring to large classes of animals that do not correspond to the scientific classification. For instance this would be the place for a word like 'flying animal', which includes birds, bats, and flying insects.
Use this domain for words describing whether something is clean or dirty.
Use this domain for words for symptoms of disease--something that happens to you when you get sick, something that shows that you are sick.
Use this domain for words indicating a backward direction.
Use this domain for words indicating a combinative relation between two things.
Use this domain for words indicating a contrast between two thoughts that are different in some way.
Use this domain for words indicating a direction away from something.
Use this domain for words indicating a direction toward something.
Use this domain for words indicating a dissociation relation between two things or propositions.
Use this domain for words indicating a forward direction.
Use this domain for words indicating a person who accompanied the subject of a proposition.
Use this domain for words indicating a person who does something with another person who is the subject of the sentence.
Use this domain for words indicating an alternative relation between two things or propositions.
Use this domain for words indicating an association between two things.
Use this domain for words indicating equivalence between two things or propositions.
Use this domain for words indicating intensity of an action.
Use this domain for words indicating relations involving correspondences--a situation in which one thing is the same or similar in some respect to something else.
Use this domain for words indicating that a negative answer is expected to a question.
Use this domain for words indicating that although something is true, it almost is not true.
Use this domain for words indicating that an affirmative answer is expected to a question.
Use this domain for words indicating that an event is distributed throughout a group, area, or time span.
Use this domain for words indicating that one of several things is in focus.
Use this domain for words indicating that someone can do something.
Use this domain for words indicating that someone is trying to do something.
Use this domain for words indicating that something derives from another thing.
Use this domain for words indicating that something exists.
Use this domain for words indicating that something had no purpose.
Use this domain for words indicating that something had no result.
Use this domain for words indicating that something happened during some time period, or that something happened while something else was happening.
Use this domain for words indicating that something happened recently--a short time before now.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is an exception to a group, rule or pattern--something is true of all the things (or people) in a group, but it is not true of one thing.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is around something else.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is at an indefinite location.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is behind you.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is between two other things.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is dependent on another thing.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is far from something else.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is generally true, but not true in every case.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is low--in the air but not high above the ground.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is near something else.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is next to something else.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is on another thing.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is outside of another thing.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is outside something else.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is the basis for another thing.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is the result of another thing.
Use this domain for words indicating that something is true of one thing (or person) instead of another thing.
Use this domain for words indicating that something seems to be a certain way--you see (or hear) something and think something about it, but you are not sure that what you think is true.
Use this domain for words indicating that something was done for the purpose of another thing happening.
Use this domain for words indicating that the speaker is conceding a point in a debate.
Use this domain for words indicating that the speaker thinks that something tends to be a certain way.
Use this domain for words indicating that the subjects of a clause do something in groups.
Use this domain for words indicating that there are many things or people, or that there is much of something.
Use this domain for words indicating that two or more people do something to each other.
Use this domain for words indicating that two things are touching or in contact with each other.
Use this domain for words indicating that you think something is true, but you are not completely sure about it.
Use this domain for words indicating that you think something is unlikely to be true or to happen.
Use this domain for words indicating the attendant circumstances in which something happened.
Use this domain for words indicating the Goal of movement.
Use this domain for words indicating the means by which something is done.
Use this domain for words indicating the Path of movement.
Use this domain for words indicating the spatial location of an event.
Use this domain for words indicating the topic that is being talked about.
Use this domain for words indicating the way or manner in which something is done.
Use this domain for words indicating when two or more people each do the same thing and do it together, or when they do it separately.
Use this domain for words indicating who is evaluating the proposition.
Use this domain for words referring breaking something into pieces, perhaps with the added idea of doing it accidentally or without being careful.
Use this domain for words referring to a ceremony.
Use this domain for words referring to a complete degree--when something is done, happens, is thought, is felt, etc completely and in every way.
Use this domain for words referring to a container being full of something.
Use this domain for words referring to a corpse--the body of a person who has died.
Use this domain for words referring to a crack--a partial break in something that does not entirely divide it in pieces.
Use this domain for words referring to a crowd or group of people.
Use this domain for words referring to a day.
Use this domain for words referring to a fable or myth--a story that people tell that is not true.
Use this domain for words referring to a fence, wall, hedge, or other barrier separating one house from another, and a gate or entryway through a fence or wall.
Use this domain for words referring to a festival or show--a large social event during which some people entertain other people.
Use this domain for words referring to a fine--a payment (usually of money) made to a victim or the government for a crime committed against them.
Use this domain for words referring to a girlfriend or boyfriend.
Use this domain for words referring to a goal--something that you want to do or something that you want to happen.
Use this domain for words referring to a habit--a pattern of behavior of a person; something a person does frequently or regularly.
Use this domain for words referring to a language.
Use this domain for words referring to a large degree.
Use this domain for words referring to a larger degree.
Use this domain for words referring to a limb--either an arm or a leg.
Use this domain for words referring to a limit beyond which something may or should not go, and for words referring to imposing a limit.
Use this domain for words referring to a line.
Use this domain for words referring to a long time.
Use this domain for words referring to a man or any male person.
Use this domain for words referring to a meeting.
Use this domain for words referring to a mental state when the mind is working hard.
Use this domain for words referring to a mixture of water and a substance (such as salt or sugar) that dissolves in water.
Use this domain for words referring to a month.
Use this domain for words referring to a neighbor--someone who lives nearby.
Use this domain for words referring to a part of something that has been broken or cut off.
Use this domain for words referring to a peer group--all the people who were born during the same time period.
Use this domain for words referring to a period of time.
Use this domain for words referring to a person's attitude--the way you think and feel about something.
Use this domain for words referring to a person's mental state.
Use this domain for words referring to a person's voice and the way it sounds--the kind of sound a person makes when they speak or sing.
Use this domain for words referring to a person being separate or alone.
Use this domain for words referring to a place where water comes out of the ground.
Use this domain for words referring to a point--a small mark such as might be made by a pointed object.
Use this domain for words referring to a region--a part of a country, or a part of the earth.
Use this domain for words referring to a riddle--something someone says that is hard to understand.
Use this domain for words referring to a saying or proverb--a short thing that people say to teach something.
Use this domain for words referring to a set of beliefs about truth.
Use this domain for words referring to a short time.
Use this domain for words referring to a sign or symbol--a picture or shape that has a meaning.
Use this domain for words referring to a situation--a particular time and place, and the things that are true about it.
Use this domain for words referring to a slave--a person owned by another and obligated to work without wages.
Use this domain for words referring to a small degree.
Use this domain for words referring to a smaller degree.
Use this domain for words referring to a social event.
Use this domain for words referring to a special day.
Use this domain for words referring to a specific law or set of laws.
Use this domain for words referring to a stage of life--a time period in a person's life.
Use this domain for words referring to a story.
Use this domain for words referring to a sudden event--something happens that I don't expect.
Use this domain for words referring to a time of the day.
Use this domain for words referring to a time period that is part of a longer time period.
Use this domain for words referring to a woman or any female person.
Use this domain for words referring to a year.
Use this domain for words referring to a youth.
Use this domain for words referring to accepting something such as an offer, invitation, or request.
Use this domain for words referring to admitting something--saying that you have done wrong, or that your beliefs were wrong
Use this domain for words referring to aiming at a target, and for hitting or missing the target.
Use this domain for words referring to an adult.
Use this domain for words referring to an area of knowledge.
Use this domain for words referring to an area of land that has particular types of plants growing in it.
Use this domain for words referring to an area.
Use this domain for words referring to an era--a very long period of time.
Use this domain for words referring to an extreme belief--something that you believe, that most people think is not good.
Use this domain for words referring to an illegitimate child.
Use this domain for words referring to an indefinite time.
Use this domain for words referring to an interval between two events.
Use this domain for words referring to an organization.
Use this domain for words referring to animals eating. Because animals often eat in very different ways from people, many languages will have words that are specific to the way an animal eats.
Use this domain for words referring to answering a question when one is unsure of the answer.
Use this domain for words referring to arranging things--to physically move a group of things or people and put them in a pattern.
Use this domain for words referring to arriving at a place.
Use this domain for words referring to atoning for a past sin--doing something to make up for something bad you did, or giving something to pay for  something bad you did.
Use this domain for words referring to attacking someone--to begin fighting someone.
Use this domain for words referring to bad things that happen in life.
Use this domain for words referring to being empty.
Use this domain for words referring to being in front of you.
Use this domain for words referring to being in water or putting something in water.
Use this domain for words referring to being loose--when something is too big.
Use this domain for words referring to being proud--to think that something or someone is very good and to feel very good about them, especially to think and feel very good about yourself--to think that you are better than others, to think that you are better than you really are, or to talk and act as if you were better than other people.
Use this domain for words referring to being related by birth--when one of your ancestors and one of someone else's ancestors are the same person.
Use this domain for words referring to being related by marriage.
Use this domain for words referring to being rough.
Use this domain for words referring to being round.
Use this domain for words referring to being small.
Use this domain for words referring to being smooth.
Use this domain for words referring to being square.
Use this domain for words referring to being straight.
Use this domain for words referring to being thick.
Use this domain for words referring to being tidy in your habits, such as keeping your belongings neat and organized,.
Use this domain for words referring to being tight--when something is too small.
Use this domain for words referring to being wedged in or stuck in a hole.
Use this domain for words referring to being willing to learn or unwilling to learn.
Use this domain for words referring to believing that something is true.
Use this domain for words referring to bending down--to bend your body so that it is closer to the ground (in order to see something, pick up something, or hide).
Use this domain for words referring to bending something and for words that describe something that is bent or curved.
Use this domain for words referring to biting and chewing with the teeth.
Use this domain for words referring to bodies of flowing water.
Use this domain for words referring to bodies of standing water with plants growing in them.
Use this domain for words referring to bodies of standing water.
Use this domain for words referring to both of two things.
Use this domain for words referring to bowing to someone--to face someone and lower your head or bend at the waist so that your upper body is lowered. The words in this domain should all be symbolic acts, that is, the culture assigns a meaning and significance to the physical action. Some cultures define it as a greeting, as an act of respect, or as an act of submission. For instance in ancient middle eastern culture bowing was an act of submission done in the presence of the king. Failure to bow was an act of rebellion punishable by death. In far eastern culture it is a greeting. In African culture it is an act of respect or done to welcome a visitor. Cultures define how a person is to bow, for instance how they are to hold their hands. A person may bow while standing, or may kneel, or even prostrate himself flat on his face. Whether both people bow is also significant. The depth of the bow can have significance. In Japan the person of lower social rank must bow deeper. In European culture a performer bows to acknowledge applause.
Use this domain for words referring to carrying on a conversation with other people.
Use this domain for words referring to carrying something--to pick something up and hold it while moving oneself.
Use this domain for words referring to casting lots--to make a decision by chance.
Use this domain for words referring to checking something--when you think something is true or correct, but you aren't sure, you do something to find out if it is true or correct.
Use this domain for words referring to coming together to form a group.
Use this domain for words referring to continually changing the direction you are facing in until you are once again facing in the same direction, e.g. moving in a circle, moving around something, or rotating.
Use this domain for words referring to continuing to do something.
Use this domain for words referring to crawling--moving on your hands and knees or on your stomach.
Use this domain for words referring to creating something--causing something to be that did not exist before.
Use this domain for words referring to credit--when a lending institution, such as a bank, has some of your money, so they owe you something.
Use this domain for words referring to crocodiles.
Use this domain for words referring to customs--a particular practice of a cultural group.
Use this domain for words referring to damaging something--to do something bad to something, but not completely ruin it so that it can't be used any more.
Use this domain for words referring to danger--things and events that threaten to inflict damage, pain, or death.
Use this domain for words referring to days relative to each other.
Use this domain for words referring to dead things--things that were alive before, but aren't now.
Use this domain for words referring to debating--for two or more people to discuss some issue and try to persuade the other person to accept one's view.
Use this domain for words referring to demon possession--when a demon or spirit influences or controls the behavior of a person. Use this domain for all words related to the relationship between spirits and people, including communication between people and spirits. Also use this domain for words referring to casting out demons--causing a demon to stop influencing or controlling a person.
Use this domain for words referring to demonstrating something--to do something that shows the truth of a statement, or shows how to do something.
Use this domain for words referring to designing something--to decide and plan how something new will look and work.
Use this domain for words referring to destroying something--to damage something so that it is beyond repair and cannot be used.
Use this domain for words referring to different races of people--the large groups of people in the world that are different in color and appearance.
Use this domain for words referring to different types of people.
Use this domain for words referring to dividing something into parts or pieces, perhaps with the added idea of using care, or into a certain number of parts.
Use this domain for words referring to doing good to someone.
Use this domain for words referring to doing something at a quick speed or something happening quickly.
Use this domain for words referring to doing something at a slow speed.
Use this domain for words referring to drops of water and what they do.
Use this domain for words referring to eating meat and to types of animals that are eaten. Only include those animals that are commonly eaten, especially those that are domesticated.
Use this domain for words referring to encountering someone.
Use this domain for words referring to exaggerating--reporting information but saying something untrue that makes the information seem bigger or more important than it really is.
Use this domain for words referring to examining--to look carefully at something because you want to learn something about it.
Use this domain for words referring to fighting against something bad.
Use this domain for words referring to fighting for something good.
Use this domain for words referring to fighting someone. The words in this domain describe a situation in which two people or groups of people fight each other over something or in order to reach some goal. A fight can use words, various kinds of weapons, or other actions. For fights that only use words use the domain
Use this domain for words referring to figurative speech--saying something that is not meant to be understood literally (according to the normal meaning of each word), or saying something that compares one thing to another.
Use this domain for words referring to flattering someone--saying something nice to someone but not meaning it.
Use this domain for words referring to folding something.
Use this domain for words referring to food from leaves and stems.
Use this domain for words referring to food from roots.
Use this domain for words referring to food preservation and storage.
Use this domain for words referring to forgetting something.
Use this domain for words referring to games. Some languages do not make a distinction between "Games" and "Sports."
Use this domain for words referring to gas.
Use this domain for words referring to gathering things into a group. The basic idea of this domain involves a situation in which two or more things are not together, and someone moves them so that they are together.
Use this domain for words referring to gesturing--moving a part of the body to communicate a message.
Use this domain for words referring to getting something.
Use this domain for words referring to giving someone advice or counsel, for instance recommending a wise course of action.
Use this domain for words referring to giving something to someone, in which there is a transference of ownership.
Use this domain for words referring to giving something to someone, in which there is no transaction of ownership, merely the movement of the thing from one person to another.
Use this domain for words referring to glasses and other things people use to help them see.
Use this domain for words referring to grandparents and ancestors.
Use this domain for words referring to grinding--to rub something rough against something else, while applying force, in order to break it or remove its surface.
Use this domain for words referring to groups of animals.
Use this domain for words referring to hanging something, and for words describing something that has been hung.
Use this domain for words referring to hating someone--to want something bad to happen to someone, or to want to do something bad to someone.
Use this domain for words referring to illicit sexual relations.
Use this domain for words referring to information--something someone says about something.
Use this domain for words referring to interpreting something someone says--to try to understand the meaning of something someone says and express it in other words.
Use this domain for words referring to interrupting someone--speaking when someone is speaking, or doing something to stop someone from doing what they are doing.
Use this domain for words referring to investigating a crime, accident, or criminal--to try to learn something about something bad that has happened because you want to know who did it, or to try to learn something about someone because you think they did something bad.
Use this domain for words referring to inviting people to meet together--to say something to someone because you want to meet with them.
Use this domain for words referring to jewels and precious stones.
Use this domain for words referring to jumping--moving your body off the ground by pushing hard with your legs.
Use this domain for words referring to kicking--to hit something with your foot. The words in this domain may be distinguished by the way in which the foot moves, either in a swinging motion, or by first bending the leg and then quickly straightening it. They may also be distinguished by whether the foot moves horizontally or vertically, whether the effect is to move something or damage it, or how hard the person kicks.
Use this domain for words referring to killing animals and cutting them up for food.
Use this domain for words referring to kneeling.
Use this domain for words referring to knocking something over so that it falls, and for knocking a container over so that it spills its contents.
Use this domain for words referring to knowing someone.
Use this domain for words referring to land in contrast with the sea or river.
Use this domain for words referring to land that is flat.
Use this domain for words referring to learning something, acquiring information, gaining knowledge (whether done intentionally or unintentionally), or discovering the answer to some question.
Use this domain for words referring to leaving something or someone in a place and going away.
Use this domain for words referring to letter--a written message that is sent to someone.
Use this domain for words referring to liquids.
Use this domain for words referring to lying down.
Use this domain for words referring to machines.
Use this domain for words referring to making a noise while moving.
Use this domain for words referring to making something--joining things together to create something to be that did not exist before.
Use this domain for words referring to male and female animals. Most languages have special words for the male and female of a species only for domesticated animals. Sometimes there will be a word for the male and not the female, and vice versa (male dog, bitch). Sometimes the word for one is also used generically
Use this domain for words referring to male and female people.
Use this domain for words referring to materials and substances that are taken from plants and used for various purposes. It is necessary to think through various types of plants to think of what materials are taken from each.
Use this domain for words referring to meat and types of animals that are eaten. Only include those animals that are commonly eaten.
Use this domain for words referring to meddling--involving oneself in something that does not concern oneself, such as someone else's business or affairs, or a fight between other people.
Use this domain for words referring to memorizing something--to think hard about something so that you will not forget it.
Use this domain for words referring to metal.
Use this domain for words referring to mistakes--something bad that someone does by accident.
Use this domain for words referring to mocking someone--doing or saying something to make people laugh at someone because you don't like them.
Use this domain for words referring to more than one thing moving together.
Use this domain for words referring to moving away from a place.
Use this domain for words referring to moving away from the speaker. In Australian languages many movement words are marked for direction toward or away from the speaker.
Use this domain for words referring to moving in a backward direction--the person is facing one direction, but moving toward their back--to move in the opposite direction from the direction the person is facing.
Use this domain for words referring to moving in a clumsy manner.
Use this domain for words referring to moving in a downward direction or to moving to a lower place.
Use this domain for words referring to moving in a forward direction--in the same direction the person is facing.
Use this domain for words referring to moving in a graceful manner.
Use this domain for words referring to moving in a sideways direction--the person is facing one direction, but moving toward their side.
Use this domain for words referring to moving in an upward direction or to moving to a higher place.
Use this domain for words referring to moving past, over, or through something.
Use this domain for words referring to moving quickly or slowly.
Use this domain for words referring to moving slowly.
Use this domain for words referring to moving something back and forth.
Use this domain for words referring to moving something back to an original place or person. (Something is in a place, someone (or something) moves it, then someone moves it back to the first place.)
Use this domain for words referring to moving something in a vehicle.
Use this domain for words referring to moving straight without changing direction.
Use this domain for words referring to moving toward the speaker.
Use this domain for words referring to moving toward, in the direction of, or near something or some place. The words in this domain should refer to moving in the direction of a place, but should not require that the person actually arrived. Some languages (such as German and Polish) distinguish 'go on foot' from 'go in a vehicle'.
Use this domain for words referring to moving under the water.
Use this domain for words referring to moving various parts of the body.
Use this domain for words referring to moving with someone.
Use this domain for words referring to multiple things moving.
Use this domain for words referring to musical instruments and people who play a particular instrument.
Use this domain for words referring to nature and the environment--the world around us. Include words that refer to how people damage or protect nature.
Use this domain for words referring to night.
Use this domain for words referring to not believing something or someone.
Use this domain for words referring to not moving.
Use this domain for words referring to now.
Use this domain for words referring to official religions, groups within a religion, and religious meetings. Each religion will have different names for its groups. Answer each question for each religion.
Use this domain for words referring to oil.
Use this domain for words referring to one event happening after another.
Use this domain for words referring to one event happening before another.
Use this domain for words referring to one person leading or controlling other people because they have authority over them.
Use this domain for words referring to only a particular number or amount of people or things--no more than one, or no more than a particular number or amount.
Use this domain for words referring to opposing something that you think is wrong.
Use this domain for words referring to organizing things, people, events, and ideas--to think about and decide on the pattern a group of things should be arranged in, and then doing whatever is necessary to arrange them so that they can be used for some purpose. This domain is like the domain 'Arrange' except that 'Arrange' emphasizes physically moving the things, and the domain 'Organize' emphasizes the logical system. 'Organize' does not require that the things be moved, only that the logical pattern is specified.
Use this domain for words referring to orphans.
Use this domain for words referring to ostracizing someone--excluding someone from society as punishment for some wrong.
Use this domain for words referring to parts of tools and machines. You need to think of different tools and machines, and think of each part.
Use this domain for words referring to people who habitually take care of the sick and injured, such as those who do it for a living.
Use this domain for words referring to people, animals, or plants growing and getting bigger.
Use this domain for words referring to planning the time of an event.
Use this domain for words referring to poison--something that is bad for your body if you eat it, it gets on you, or an animal injects it into you.
Use this domain for words referring to postponing something--to decide to do something later.
Use this domain for words referring to predicting the future--saying what you think will happen.
Use this domain for words referring to prepared food. Cultures vary widely in the number and types of foods they prepare, and in how they classify them. For instance the English distinction between main dish and side dish is not found in the classification system of other languages. If your language has well-recognized subcategories, you can set up a separate subdomain for each. The questions below are based on the main ingredient in the dish.
Use this domain for words referring to pressing something.
Use this domain for words referring to preventing someone or something from moving
Use this domain for words referring to preventing someone or something from moving.
Use this domain for words referring to providing someone with what they need to live each day, such as providing for an elderly parent who can no longer earn what they need.
Use this domain for words referring to putting something above you or above something else, putting something on top of something else, or moving something higher than it was.
Use this domain for words referring to putting something in a place and not being able to find it again, or for when someone else moves something without your knowledge so that you cannot find it.
Use this domain for words referring to putting something in back of you or in back of something else.
Use this domain for words referring to putting something in front of you or in front of something else.
Use this domain for words referring to putting something inside something else.
Use this domain for words referring to putting something lower than you or lower than something else, putting something under something else, or moving something lower than it was.
Use this domain for words referring to putting something to the side of you.
Use this domain for words referring to reacting or responding to something.
Use this domain for words referring to recognizing something.
Use this domain for words referring to recovering from sickness or injury.
Use this domain for words referring to rejecting something such as an offer, invitation, or request.
Use this domain for words referring to religious practitioners--people who practice a religion, who are members of the religion, believe in the religion, leaders of the religion, and followers of the religion. Each religion has its own terms for religious practitioners. List these terms separately for each religion. The examples given below are for the Christian religion.
Use this domain for words referring to remembering something you know.
Use this domain for words referring to reminding someone about something--to make someone remember something.
Use this domain for words referring to returning to a place--to go back to a place you earlier left.
Use this domain for words referring to right and left.
Use this domain for words referring to risk--exposing oneself or something to danger.
Use this domain for words referring to rock.
Use this domain for words referring to rolling something up.
Use this domain for words referring to rope, string, and other things used to tie things together.
Use this domain for words referring to rubbing--to move something smooth against something else, in order to make it smooth or clean.
Use this domain for words referring to running--moving fast on your legs.
Use this domain for words referring to seasons of the year that are related to the time of year, the weather, or times of cultivation.
Use this domain for words referring to self-control--deciding not to do something that you want to do, because you think it would be bad to do it; or deciding to do something, because you know it is good.
Use this domain for words referring to separating things into groups, and scattering things. The basic idea of this domain involves a situation in which two or more things are together, and someone moves them so that they are no longer together.
Use this domain for words referring to showing off--to behave in a way that attracts people's attention because you want them to admire you.
Use this domain for words referring to showing or indicating something--if something (such as an object, something said, or something that happens) shows something, it makes people think of something or understand something (e.g. When his face turns red, it indicates he is angry.)
Use this domain for words referring to sitting and squatting.
Use this domain for words referring to soil and dirt.
Use this domain for words referring to someone changing something.
Use this domain for words referring to something appearing (becoming visible) and disappearing (becoming invisible).
Use this domain for words referring to something beginning to happen, to beginning to do something, to cause something to start happening, or to cause people to start doing something.
Use this domain for words referring to something being temporary.
Use this domain for words referring to something delaying someone or something--to cause something to happen at a later time, cause someone to do something at a later time, or cause someone or something to be late.
Use this domain for words referring to something falling--for something to move down under the influence of gravity.
Use this domain for words referring to something fitting--when something is not too big or too small, but just right.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening again or doing something again.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening all the time.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening eventually.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening every time something else happens.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening first--to be before all other things in order or time.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening forever.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening immediately--without any time passing before it happens.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening last--to happen after all other things in a sequence, or to be the last person or thing in a sequence.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening next.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening often--happening or done many times.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening once.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening sometimes.
Use this domain for words referring to something happening soon.
Use this domain for words referring to something not happening yet.
Use this domain for words referring to something someone says, which relays information from someone else, or about something someone has done.
Use this domain for words referring to something that happens regularly.
Use this domain for words referring to sounds.
Use this domain for words referring to speaking for God, including foretelling the future through divine knowledge.
Use this domain for words referring to special clothes worn on special occasions. It is necessary to think through all the various special occasions in the culture and think of any special clothes worn on those occasions. Two examples are given below for work and graduation, but there are many others.
Use this domain for words referring to spoiling something that is happening, such as an event, work, relationship, or feeling, by doing something that makes it less attractive, less enjoyable, or less effective--to do something bad to something that is happening, so that people can't do what they were doing or don't enjoy it as much.
Use this domain for words referring to starting something, or for something beginning to happen.
Use this domain for words referring to starting to do something after stopping for some time.
Use this domain for words referring to stopping moving.
Use this domain for words referring to straight posture--holding your body straight, stiff, or erect, rather than relaxed.
Use this domain for words referring to stretching something.
Use this domain for words referring to studying--to try to learn something.
Use this domain for words referring to substituting something for something else--to move something and put something else in its place.
Use this domain for words referring to suggesting something--saying that something might be good.
Use this domain for words referring to summarizing what you have said or what someone else has said.
Use this domain for words referring to supernatural beings--gods, spirits, other types of beings, which normally cannot be seen and do not belong to this world. Some people accept the existence of certain supernatural beings and not others. Mythological beings are those that were believed in during previous times but that are no longer believed in. Fictional beings are those that no one has ever believed in. An indication of whether most people believe in the supernatural being should be put in the definition.
Use this domain for words referring to surviving--to live through a time of danger.
Use this domain for words referring to taking something or someone from its place.
Use this domain for words referring to taking something or someone somewhere.
Use this domain for words referring to taking something out of something else.
Use this domain for words referring to taking time to do something.
Use this domain for words referring to tearing down buildings and other structures.
Use this domain for words referring to temporal order or sequence--the order in which a group of events happen. Things and people may also be in order based on the order in which something happened or should happen to them.
Use this domain for words referring to the age of something.
Use this domain for words referring to the amount of empty space that is available to be used.
Use this domain for words referring to the area under the ground, and to holes in the ground.
Use this domain for words referring to the cause of disease.
Use this domain for words referring to the days of the week.
Use this domain for words referring to the direction down.
Use this domain for words referring to the direction up.
Use this domain for words referring to the directions of the compass.
Use this domain for words referring to the distance between two things.
Use this domain for words referring to the end of an action or situation.
Use this domain for words referring to the equipment and maintenance of a building.
Use this domain for words referring to the first fruits or crops to be harvested.
Use this domain for words referring to the future.
Use this domain for words referring to the ground we stand on, the earth versus the sky.
Use this domain for words referring to the internal organs.
Use this domain for words referring to the months of the year.
Use this domain for words referring to the name of a building.
Use this domain for words referring to the name of a place.
Use this domain for words referring to the name of an animal. Some cultures give names to domesticated animals or to animals in stories. Think through each kind of domesticated animal.
Use this domain for words referring to the outside of a house, the area around a house, a barrier separating one house from another, and the entryway to the area around a house.
Use this domain for words referring to the parts and areas of a building.
Use this domain for words referring to the past or to a time in the past.
Use this domain for words referring to the planet we live on.
Use this domain for words referring to the present time.
Use this domain for words referring to the process of determining the truth or falsehood of something, or for determining the nature or value of something.
Use this domain for words referring to the results of thinking.
Use this domain for words referring to the right time to do something.
Use this domain for words referring to the speed at which a person acts or the speed at which something happens.
Use this domain for words referring to the spirits of things.
Use this domain for words referring to the stomach and to the normal functions of the stomach. Do not use this domain for stomach illness.
Use this domain for words referring to the volume of something.
Use this domain for words referring to the way in which water and other liquids move.
Use this domain for words referring to the way water moves over a surface, such as in a river or along the ground.
Use this domain for words referring to things people drink.
Use this domain for words referring to things that are taboo--something to be avoided; a religious, social, or cultural restriction on behavior, as opposed to a government law.
Use this domain for words referring to thinking about the future.
Use this domain for words referring to throwing something.
Use this domain for words referring to tools used to lift things.
Use this domain for words referring to touching something with your hand without moving the thing.
Use this domain for words referring to traveling--to move a long distance. The words in this domain may imply that the person has to sleep somewhere other than his home.
Use this domain for words referring to trusting someone--believing that someone is honest and will not do something bad to you.
Use this domain for words referring to turning and changing the direction in which one is moving.
Use this domain for words referring to twisting something--to take something long and turn one end one way and the other end the other way.
Use this domain for words referring to two or more things cohering or sticking together.
Use this domain for words referring to two things happening at the same time.
Use this domain for words referring to types of houses.
Use this domain for words referring to types of sounds.
Use this domain for words referring to understanding a topic or the meaning of something.
Use this domain for words referring to various ways of cooking food. It is necessary to think through different kinds of food and how they are cooked. An example is given below for cooking eggs.
Use this domain for words referring to verbal tradition--something that your ancestors told to each successive generation.
Use this domain for words referring to vindicating someone--to prove that someone is innocent of an accusation made against them.
Use this domain for words referring to waiting in a place, waiting to do something, or waiting for something to happen. The basic idea of waiting is for someone to not do anything for a period of time, because he expects something to happen that will cause him to do something.
Use this domain for words referring to walking with some difficulty such as stumbling--to miss your step because of hitting an object such as a stone, hole, or mud; staggering--to walk unsteadily because of weakness, illness, or drunkenness; or limping--to walk unevenly or with difficulty because of injury to a foot.
Use this domain for words referring to wandering--to move slowly without any purpose or goal.
Use this domain for words referring to water coming out of something (such as a container), or causing water to come out of something.
Use this domain for words referring to when something has water on it or water has soaked into it.
Use this domain for words referring to widows and widowers. Some languages also have words for a parent who has lost a child, someone who has lost a brother or sister, or a general word for someone who has lost a relative.
Use this domain for words referring to written material--something that has writing on it.
Use this domain for words referring to your children.
Use this domain for words referring to your cousins.
Use this domain for words referring to your grandchildren.
Use this domain for words referring to your nephews and nieces.
Use this domain for words related there being few or little of something.
Use this domain for words related to a baby.
Use this domain for words related to a bed.
Use this domain for words related to a birth ceremony.
Use this domain for words related to a blemish--something small and bad on the skin of a person or the surface of something, but not something serious, especially something wrong that does not affect how something works.
Use this domain for words related to a boat.
Use this domain for words related to a cabinet.
Use this domain for words related to a chair.
Use this domain for words related to a cheap price.
Use this domain for words related to a child.
Use this domain for words related to a citizen of a country.
Use this domain for words related to a city.
Use this domain for words related to a class--the period of time when a subject is taught.
Use this domain for words related to a community.
Use this domain for words related to a country.
Use this domain for words related to a court of law.
Use this domain for words related to a covenant between two people or groups of people.
Use this domain for words related to a disaster.
Use this domain for words related to a door.
Use this domain for words related to a feast.
Use this domain for words related to a fetus--a baby that has not been born yet.
Use this domain for words related to a floor.
Use this domain for words related to a foreigner--a person who visits or lives in a country but is not a citizen.
Use this domain for words related to a fort.
Use this domain for words related to a funeral and other things that are done after a person dies.
Use this domain for words related to a furrow--a long mark cut into the surface of something, such as the furrow made by a plow, or a long cut made by a knife.
Use this domain for words related to a governing body--an organization within the government.
Use this domain for words related to a government official.
Use this domain for words related to a government organization.
Use this domain for words related to a grave--the place where a dead body is put.
Use this domain for words related to a group of a particular number of things or people (solo, duo, trio; alone, in threes).
Use this domain for words related to a holiday.
Use this domain for words related to a lack of self-control.
Use this domain for words related to a legal contract.
Use this domain for words related to a light source shining--for something to make light.
Use this domain for words related to a linking or connecting things together--to put something like a road, pipe, or wire between things so that people or things can move between them.
Use this domain for words related to a list of things.
Use this domain for words related to a map--a drawing of the world or part of the world.
Use this domain for words related to a meal.
Use this domain for words related to a musician.
Use this domain for words related to a number or amount that is almost the same as another number.
Use this domain for words related to a particular game. The example words are from the card games. If you do not play card games in your culture, you can rename this domain and use it for one of your games. Add other domains for each of your games.
Use this domain for words related to a particular game. The example words are from the game of chess. If you do not play chess in your culture, you can rename this domain and use it for one of your games. Add other domains for each of your games.
Use this domain for words related to a particular sport. The example words are from the sport of basketball. If you do not play basketball in your culture, you can rename this domain and use it for one of your sports. Add other domains for each of your sports.
Use this domain for words related to a particular sport. The example words are from the sport of football (also called soccer). If you do not play football in your culture, you can rename this domain and use it for one of your sports. Add other domains for each of your sports.
Use this domain for words related to a pattern or model.
Use this domain for words related to a person's social status.
Use this domain for words related to a person being healthy--not sick.
Use this domain for words related to a person in authority.
Use this domain for words related to a person subjugating someone to their authority.
Use this domain for words related to a prisoner of war.
Use this domain for words related to a record--something written because people need to remember it.
Use this domain for words related to a relationship between people who work together.
Use this domain for words related to a religious object.
Use this domain for words related to a riot--when lots of people are fighting and breaking the law.
Use this domain for words related to a road.
Use this domain for words related to a roof.
Use this domain for words related to a series--several things that happen one after another.
Use this domain for words related to a shadow--the area on the ground where the light does not shine because something is in the way. For instance if the sun
Use this domain for words related to a sheath--a container for a weapon.
Use this domain for words related to a soldier.
Use this domain for words related to a source of light--something that makes or gives light.
Use this domain for words related to a spy.
Use this domain for words related to a store or marketplace where things are sold.
Use this domain for words related to a subject that is taught or a subject that you study at school.
Use this domain for words related to a table.
Use this domain for words related to a test.
Use this domain for words related to a title of honor.
Use this domain for words related to a vicinity--an area around something else.
Use this domain for words related to a weapon and using a weapon.
Use this domain for words related to a week.
Use this domain for words related to a window.
Use this domain for words related to a worker.
Use this domain for words related to abandoning someone or something--to leave and not return to them.
Use this domain for words related to accidents--something bad that happens without anyone wanting it to happen or doing anything to cause it to happen.
Use this domain for words related to accounting--to keep records of money.
Use this domain for words related to accumulating wealth.
Use this domain for words related to accusing someone of doing something bad.
Use this domain for words related to acquitting a person.
Use this domain for words related to acting harshly.
Use this domain for words related to acting maturely--to act like an adult rather than a child.
Use this domain for words related to adding something to another thing.
Use this domain for words related to adding two numbers together.
Use this domain for words related to admiring someone--to feel good about someone because you think that he is a good person.
Use this domain for words related to adopting a child.
Use this domain for words related to adornment.
Use this domain for words related to agreeing to do something.
Use this domain for words related to agricultural tools.
Use this domain for words related to agriculture--working with plants.
Use this domain for words related to all.
Use this domain for words related to alternating--when several things happen one after another in a repeated pattern.
Use this domain for words related to ambushing someone--to attacking someone without warning.
Use this domain for words related to amputating or losing a limb or other part of your body.
Use this domain for words related to an average number.
Use this domain for words related to an election.
Use this domain for words related to an enemy--someone you are fighting against.
Use this domain for words related to an expensive price.
Use this domain for words related to an interval or space between things.
Use this domain for words related to an opportunity to do something.
Use this domain for words related to an unusual birth.
Use this domain for words related to animal colors and markings.
Use this domain for words related to animal diseases.
Use this domain for words related to animal husbandry--working with animals.
Use this domain for words related to animal products.
Use this domain for words related to animals that are used as a beast of burden--either to ride, to carry loads, or to pull vehicles. The questions refer to horses, but can be applied to any animal.
Use this domain for words related to announcing something--communicating something to many people.
Use this domain for words related to anointing the body.
Use this domain for words related to answering a question.
Use this domain for words related to appeasing someone.
Use this domain for words related to appointing someone to a position of authority, or delegating authority to someone.
Use this domain for words related to approving of doing something--to think that doing something is good.
Use this domain for words related to arranging an event, such as a meeting.
Use this domain for words related to arresting a criminal.
Use this domain for words related to art.
Use this domain for words related to asking a question.
Use this domain for words related to asking for forgiveness.
Use this domain for words related to asking permission to do something. This domain is part of a scenario: You have authority over me. I want to do something. I ask you for permission to do it. You give permission or refuse permission. I obey you or disobey you.
Use this domain for words related to attracting someone's attention to something. In a typical situation, a person sees something with an interesting quality. The person moves closer, pays close attention to the thing, and possibly does something to it.
Use this domain for words related to attracting someone sexually--to cause someone to want to have sex with you, and for words related to being sexually attracted to someone--to want to have sex with someone.
Use this domain for words related to authority.
Use this domain for words related to avoiding something bad, such as trouble or someone you don't want to meet.
Use this domain for words related to bags.
Use this domain for words related to bargaining over the price of something.
Use this domain for words related to bathing.
Use this domain for words related to becoming tangled--when something long and thin, such as rope, string, thread, hair, grass, or vines, becomes disorganized, twisted, or knotted, so that it is hard to separate it.
Use this domain for words related to begging--for a poor person to ask other people to give them money, food, or other things.
Use this domain for words related to beginning a relationship.
Use this domain for words related to behaving below a standard.
Use this domain for words related to behaving in an immature way--for either a child or an adult to act like a child.
Use this domain for words related to being a disciple of someone.
Use this domain for words related to being a hypocrite.
Use this domain for words related to being a virgin--a person who has never had sex.
Use this domain for words related to being able to see something--words that describe something that can be seen, something that cannot be seen, something that is easy to see, or something that is difficult to see.
Use this domain for words related to being absent--to not be in a particular place, or not be in the correct or expected place.
Use this domain for words related to being accustomed to something.
Use this domain for words related to being alone.
Use this domain for words related to being ambitious.
Use this domain for words related to being an expert--someone who can do something well.
Use this domain for words related to being antisocial--when someone does not want to talk to other people or be friends with them.
Use this domain for words related to being at a place.
Use this domain for words related to being bad-tempered--to behave in an angry, unfriendly way.
Use this domain for words related to being bad or immoral in behavior, and for words describing a bad person.
Use this domain for words related to being blind.
Use this domain for words related to being busy.
Use this domain for words related to being careful.
Use this domain for words related to being careless.
Use this domain for words related to being cautious.
Use this domain for words related to being compatible--words that describe two things or people that can be together or work together without problems or conflict.
Use this domain for words related to being crazy--to act stupid or strange.
Use this domain for words related to being cruel.
Use this domain for words related to being deaf.
Use this domain for words related to being deep or shallow--how far something such as a hole extends below the ground or other surface, or how far something is below the surface of the water.
Use this domain for words related to being determined to do something--deciding to do something and not letting anything stop you.
Use this domain for words related to being devout.
Use this domain for words related to being dishonest.
Use this domain for words related to being effective.
Use this domain for words related to being efficient.
Use this domain for words related to being energetic.
Use this domain for words related to being exempt from a law or obligation.
Use this domain for words related to being experienced at doing something.
Use this domain for words related to being faithful--to continue to love and do good to someone so that they can always trust you.
Use this domain for words related to being frugal--to not spend a lot of money.
Use this domain for words related to being full of food.
Use this domain for words related to being generous.
Use this domain for words related to being gentle.
Use this domain for words related to being good or moral in behavior.
Use this domain for words related to being greedy.
Use this domain for words related to being heavy.
Use this domain for words related to being honest--words describing someone who does not cheat, steal, or break the law.
Use this domain for words related to being humble--to not think that you are better than other people, or to not think that you are better than you really are, and to not talk or act as if you were better than other people.
Use this domain for words related to being hungry or thirsty.
Use this domain for words related to being impartial.
Use this domain for words related to being impatient--if you are impatient, you get angry or do something bad when something bad happens to you for a long time.
Use this domain for words related to being impolite.
Use this domain for words related to being incapable of doing something.
Use this domain for words related to being independent.
Use this domain for words related to being lazy.
Use this domain for words related to being light in weight.
Use this domain for words related to being long. In many languages there is more than one system of measuring length. These systems may be used for different purposes or in different jobs. For instance measuring the length of an object may use different words than measuring the distance a person travels.
Use this domain for words related to being lucky.
Use this domain for words related to being mentally ill or disabled.
Use this domain for words related to being mute--unable to speak (usually because of being unable to hear).
Use this domain for words related to being naked--not wearing any clothes, and for words referring to how a person feels about being naked. It is a part of universal human experience that people do not want to be naked. So there are words that refer to feeling bad if one does not have enough clothes on (shame). Other words refer to wanting to have enough clothes (modest). Other words refer to how people feel about other people who do not wear enough clothes
Use this domain for words related to being narrow.
Use this domain for words related to being or having enough--to have as much of something or as many of something as you need or want.
Use this domain for words related to being patient--if you are patient, you don't get angry or do anything bad even though something bad happens to you for a long time.
Use this domain for words related to being poor.
Use this domain for words related to being pregnant.
Use this domain for words related to being pure--words describing something (like water, food, or air) that does not have anything bad in it; or unmixed--words describing something that is only one thing and has not been mixed with something else.
Use this domain for words related to being reliable--words describe a person who can be relied on to do what he is supposed to.
Use this domain for words related to being rich.
Use this domain for words related to being satisfied with your job.
Use this domain for words related to being selfish.
Use this domain for words related to being sensible--to think about what you do.
Use this domain for words related to being serious--not laughing or joking.
Use this domain for words related to being short in height.
Use this domain for words related to being short in length.
Use this domain for words related to being silent--to say nothing for some time.
Use this domain for words related to being simple or complicated--words describing the organization of a group of things.
Use this domain for words related to being stingy.
Use this domain for words related to being stubborn--to be unwilling to change a decision; to be unwilling to do something someone wants you to do; or to do what you want to do, even though other people do not want you to do it.
Use this domain for words related to being sure that something is true.
Use this domain for words related to being tall--a word describing something that is big from the top to the bottom.
Use this domain for words related to being tired.
Use this domain for words related to being unable to have children.
Use this domain for words related to being unemployed.
Use this domain for words related to being unfair to someone.
Use this domain for words related to being unfair.
Use this domain for words related to being unintelligible--to say something that someone cannot understand.
Use this domain for words related to being unlucky.
Use this domain for words related to being unmarried.
Use this domain for words related to being unreliable.
Use this domain for words related to being untidy--to not keep your things tidy and orderly.
Use this domain for words related to being useful--words describing something that can be used to do something.
Use this domain for words related to being useless--words describing something that cannot be used to do anything.
Use this domain for words related to being violent--a word describing someone who is likely to attack and injure or kill people.
Use this domain for words related to being weak.
Use this domain for words related to being wide--a word describing something like a road or river that is far from one side to the other side.
Use this domain for words related to being willing to do something.
Use this domain for words related to belonging to an organization.
Use this domain for words related to betraying someone.
Use this domain for words related to birth order.
Use this domain for words related to blaming someone for something--to say that someone did something, and because of this something bad happened.
Use this domain for words related to blessing someone--saying something that causes something good to happen, or requests God to do something good to someone.
Use this domain for words related to blood and bleeding.
Use this domain for words related to boasting--to say something good about yourself, especially to make it seem that you are better than you really are.
Use this domain for words related to bombs or chemicals exploding.
Use this domain for words related to borrowing something.
Use this domain for words related to breaking a contract.
Use this domain for words related to breaking the law.
Use this domain for words related to breathing.
Use this domain for words related to buildings and other large structures that people build.
Use this domain for words related to business organization.
Use this domain for words related to buying something.
Use this domain for words related to calling someone--to say something loud because you want someone who is far away to listen to you.
Use this domain for words related to canceling a plan, decision, or event.
Use this domain for words related to caring for a baby.
Use this domain for words related to caring for someone--to do something good for someone, because they need something and cannot do it.
Use this domain for words related to caring for the fingernails.
Use this domain for words related to caring for your hair.
Use this domain for words related to caring for your teeth.
Use this domain for words related to carrying tools.
Use this domain for words related to castrating animals. There are sometimes specific terms for castrated animals, such as 'steer--a male cow that has been castrated before maturity'.
Use this domain for words related to catching fish.
Use this domain for words related to catching someone who is trying to escape.
Use this domain for words related to cats.
Use this domain for words related to cattle and the care of cattle.
Use this domain for words related to causing air to move.
Use this domain for words related to causing someone to go somewhere.
Use this domain for words related to celebrating.
Use this domain for words related to chance--when something happens that no one intended.
Use this domain for words related to changing the color of something.
Use this domain for words related to changing your behavior either for the better or for the worse.
Use this domain for words related to changing your mind--to change what you think about something, or change your plans or decisions.
Use this domain for words related to chasing or driving people and animals--to cause someone (or an animal) to move.
Use this domain for words related to cheating someone.
Use this domain for words related to chickens.
Use this domain for words related to choosing something--to want one thing (or person) from a group of things, or to choose to do one thing from several possible things you could do.
Use this domain for words related to circumcision.
Use this domain for words related to cleaning the floor or ground.
Use this domain for words related to clearing a field.
Use this domain for words related to cloth.
Use this domain for words related to clothing styles.
Use this domain for words related to clothing.
Use this domain for words related to collecting things you find interesting. In some cultures people collect rare or valuable things that they think are attractive or interesting, such as art, stamps, coins, books, or antiques.
Use this domain for words related to color.
Use this domain for words related to combing your hair.
Use this domain for words related to commanding someone to do something.
Use this domain for words related to commerce--taking something to a place and trying to sell it there.
Use this domain for words related to communication devices.
Use this domain for words related to comparing something or someone with another thing.
Use this domain for words related to compelling someone to do something--to cause or force someone to do something that they do not want to do.
Use this domain for words related to competing with someone.
Use this domain for words related to complaining--to say that you don't like something.
Use this domain for words related to completing a task.
Use this domain for words related to composing music.
Use this domain for words related to condemning someone.
Use this domain for words related to conforming to the behavior of others--to try to behave the same way as other people, or to try to behave the way other people want you to act.
Use this domain for words related to contacting someone--to communicate with someone who is far away from you using some communication device such as a telephone.
Use this domain for words related to containers.
Use this domain for words related to contradicting someone--to say that something someone has said is not true.
Use this domain for words related to controlling someone--to force someone to do what you want them to do by ordering them to do it, or by doing something so that they have no choice. Also use this domain for words related to controlling something, for instance to control a machine, so that it does what you want it to do.
Use this domain for words related to controlling the movement of water.
Use this domain for words related to conveying water--moving water from one place to another place.
Use this domain for words related to cooking oil.
Use this domain for words related to cooking utensils.
Use this domain for words related to cooperating with someone to do something.
Use this domain for words related to copying something.
Use this domain for words related to correcting a mistake.
Use this domain for words related to cosmetics--things you put on your skin to make yourself beautiful in appearance.
Use this domain for words related to coughing, sneezing, and other actions of the mouth and nose.
Use this domain for words related to counting--to say the numbers in order, or to use numbers to find an amount.
Use this domain for words related to covering something.
Use this domain for words related to crafts.
Use this domain for words related to criticizing someone or something--to say that something is bad, especially something that someone did.
Use this domain for words related to crop failure.
Use this domain for words related to crying--when water forms in the eyes because of sadness or pain.
Use this domain for words related to cursing someone.
Use this domain for words related to cutting grass.
Use this domain for words related to cutting hair.
Use this domain for words related to cutting something.
Use this domain for words related to cutting tools.
Use this domain for words related to daily life at home.
Use this domain for words related to dancing.
Use this domain for words related to deceiving someone.
Use this domain for words related to deciding to do something.
Use this domain for words related to dedicating someone or something to religious use.
Use this domain for words related to defeating someone.
Use this domain for words related to defecation.
Use this domain for words related to defending someone from attack.
Use this domain for words related to defending someone who has been accused of breaking a law.
Use this domain for words related to describing something--to say some things about something.
Use this domain for words related to deserving something--if you do something, either good or bad, something can happen to you as a result of what you did. For instance you can receive a reward for doing good, or a punishment for doing wrong. If what happened to you is like what you did, people can think it is right that this thing happened to you.
Use this domain for words related to despising someone--to feel bad about someone because you think they are not as good as you.
Use this domain for words related to destiny--decisions and actions by God, spirits, or by impersonal forces that determine or influence what happens to a person.
Use this domain for words related to digging in the ground.
Use this domain for words related to digging tools.
Use this domain for words related to diplomacy between nations.
Use this domain for words related to disciplining someone.
Use this domain for words related to dishonest financial practices.
Use this domain for words related to disobeying someone.
Use this domain for words related to disposing of a dead body. Different cultures have practices other than burying a body in the ground. Include words for all practices used by the culture.
Use this domain for words related to distributing things to several people.
Use this domain for words related to disunity--when a group of people do not agree with each other and are fighting.
Use this domain for words related to dividing one number by another number.
Use this domain for words related to divorce--to legally end your marriage.
Use this domain for words related to dogs.
Use this domain for words related to doing evil to someone.
Use this domain for words related to doing something deliberately--to intend to do something, as opposed to doing something accidentally.
Use this domain for words related to domesticated animals. Add extra domains for specific domesticated animals in your culture such as elephants in east Asia, camels in the Middle East, and llamas in South America.
Use this domain for words related to doubt--not being sure if something is true or not.
Use this domain for words related to drama.
Use this domain for words related to drawing and painting pictures.
Use this domain for words related to dreaming.
Use this domain for words related to drinking alcohol and the effect it has on a person.
Use this domain for words related to drinking.
Use this domain for words related to driving people and animals--to cause someone (or an animal) to move with you.
Use this domain for words related to dropping legal charges against someone.
Use this domain for words related to drought.
Use this domain for words related to dying your hair.
Use this domain for words related to dying.
Use this domain for words related to earning money for work that you do.
Use this domain for words related to earthquakes. In some languages earthquakes are thought of as moving somewhere. In Amele (PNG) they say "mim nen" which means 'the earthquake came down (from above)'. In Northern Embera an earthquake is a "house-shaking". They say "a house-shaking went."
Use this domain for words related to eating utensils.
Use this domain for words related to eating.
Use this domain for words related to economics--the study of the money, trade, and industry of a country.
Use this domain for words related to eggs.
Use this domain for words related to emphasizing something--to say something in a way that other people know that you think this thing is important.
Use this domain for words related to ending a relationship.
Use this domain for words related to enduring a problem.
Use this domain for words related to enjoying doing something.
Use this domain for words related to entering a place, such as a house, by force.
Use this domain for words related to entertainment and recreation.
Use this domain for words related to entrusting something to the care of someone.
Use this domain for words related to escaping from danger.
Use this domain for words related to exchanging or trading things.
Use this domain for words related to executing someone for a crime.
Use this domain for words related to exercise.
Use this domain for words related to exercising authority.
Use this domain for words related to explaining something--to help someone to understand something.
Use this domain for words related to exposing falsehood--to do something to show that someone has told a lie.
Use this domain for words related to extending something--to move something so that it covers a greater distance or area.
Use this domain for words related to extorting money--forcing someone to give you money on a regular basis by threatening them with some harm.
Use this domain for words related to failing to do something.
Use this domain for words related to farm workers.
Use this domain for words related to farmland.
Use this domain for words related to fastening tools.
Use this domain for words related to fasting--to not eat for a period of time.
Use this domain for words related to fear--to feel bad because you think something bad might happen to you.
Use this domain for words related to feeling angry--to feel bad when someone does something wrong and to want to do something bad to them.
Use this domain for words related to feeling annoyed--to feel a little angry because someone keeps doing something you don't like.
Use this domain for words related to feeling ashamed--to feel bad because people think you did something bad.
Use this domain for words related to feeling calm.
Use this domain for words related to feeling comfortable--to feel good in your body because there is nothing around you that makes you feel bad. This includes comfortable clothes, chair, bed, temperature, or journey.
Use this domain for words related to feeling confident--to feel sure that you can do something.
Use this domain for words related to feeling confused--to be worried and uncertain about what something means or what to do.
Use this domain for words related to feeling contented.
Use this domain for words related to feeling cowardly--to be afraid to do something because you think something bad might happen to you.
Use this domain for words related to feeling disappointed--to feel bad because something did not happen that you wanted to happen or someone did not do something that you wanted them to do.
Use this domain for words related to feeling discontent.
Use this domain for words related to feeling disgusted--to dislike something so much that you feel sick.
Use this domain for words related to feeling embarrassed--to feel bad in front of other people because you did or said something that makes you seem stupid.
Use this domain for words related to feeling enthusiastic--to feel very good because you want to do something or you want something to happen.
Use this domain for words related to feeling excited--to feel good when something good has happening or is about to happen.
Use this domain for words related to feeling good about yourself.
Use this domain for words related to feeling happy--to feel good when something good happens (such as receiving a gift, hearing good news, or watching something good happening).
Use this domain for words related to feeling happy for someone--to feel good because something good happened to someone. The opposite is jealousy and envy.
Use this domain for words related to feeling hopeless--to thinking that nothing good will happen in the future.
Use this domain for words related to feeling indifferent about something.
Use this domain for words related to feeling interested.
Use this domain for words related to feeling jealous--to feel bad when someone does well, has something good, receives something good, or something good happens to them, because you want what they have. Also use this domain for words for when a husband (or wife) is jealous because he thinks his wife loves someone else.
Use this domain for words related to feeling lonely--to feel bad because you are alone and not with people you love.
Use this domain for words related to feeling nervous--to be worried and frightened that something bad may happen, so that you are unable to relax.
Use this domain for words related to feeling obsessed--to be very interested in something for a long time.
Use this domain for words related to feeling pleased with someone--to feel good because someone did something good.
Use this domain for words related to feeling relaxed--to feel good when you are not working and nothing bad is happening.
Use this domain for words related to feeling sad--to feel bad because something bad has happened (such as losing something, hearing bad news, or watching something bad happening).
Use this domain for words related to feeling shocked--feeling both surprised and angry when something very bad suddenly happens or when someone does something very bad.
Use this domain for words related to feeling shy--to feel bad (afraid) when you are with people because you think they might think something bad about you if you say or do something (for instance, being afraid to talk, feeling inadequate to do what is required in a social situation, or not feeling as good as other people).
Use this domain for words related to feeling sorry--to feel bad about something bad that you did.
Use this domain for words related to feeling surprised--to feel something when something unexpected, unusual, or amazing happens.
Use this domain for words related to feeling uninterested or bored--when someone is not interested in something.
Use this domain for words related to feeling worried--to feel bad because you think something bad might happen.
Use this domain for words related to fertilizing a field.
Use this domain for words related to filling a container or covering an area with something.
Use this domain for words related to finance.
Use this domain for words related to financial transactions.
Use this domain for words related to finding something that has been hidden or lost.
Use this domain for words related to fishing equipment.
Use this domain for words related to fishing with a hook and line.
Use this domain for words related to fishing with a net.
Use this domain for words related to floods.
Use this domain for words related to following someone.
Use this domain for words related to food from fruit.
Use this domain for words related to food from plants.
Use this domain for words related to food from seeds.
Use this domain for words related to food from vegetables.
Use this domain for words related to food made from eggs.
Use this domain for words related to food preparation.
Use this domain for words related to foolish talk--something someone says that other people think is silly or stupid.
Use this domain for words related to forgiving someone.
Use this domain for words related to freedom--when you can do the things that you want to do.
Use this domain for words related to freeing someone from bondage.
Use this domain for words related to friendship.
Use this domain for words related to furniture.
Use this domain for words related to gambling.
Use this domain for words related to garbage--something that is no longer wanted.
Use this domain for words related to gathering wild plants. In a hunter-gatherer culture this domain might need to be extensively developed.
Use this domain for words related to giving a pledge to replay a loan.
Use this domain for words related to giving birth and being born.
Use this domain for words related to giving someone permission to do something. This domain is about a scenario: You have authority over me. I want to do something. I ask you for permission to do it. You give permission or refuse permission.
Use this domain for words related to giving up.
Use this domain for words related to goats.
Use this domain for words related to God--the supreme being in the universe. Each theological system will have different beliefs concerning the existence and nature of God. Our purpose here is to collect and define the terms used to refer to the supreme deity. If there is no such person in the theological system, then use this domain for other terms for the pantheon of gods, ultimate reality, nirvana, and similar concepts. However most theological systems, even atheism, have the concept of a supreme God and use words to refer to him.
Use this domain for words related to going first or going ahead of someone.
Use this domain for words related to going to bed and going to sleep.
Use this domain for words related to gossip--to say something bad about a person who is not with you.
Use this domain for words related to government functions--the things a government does.
Use this domain for words related to government.
Use this domain for words related to greeting someone.
Use this domain for words related to grinding flour.
Use this domain for words related to growing bananas.
Use this domain for words related to growing cassava.
Use this domain for words related to growing coconuts.
Use this domain for words related to growing coffee.
Use this domain for words related to growing flowers. If one type of flower is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it.
Use this domain for words related to growing fruit, such as berries, cranberries, grapes, raspberries, and strawberries. If one type of fruit is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it. This has already been done for grapes and bananas, since they are so common around the world.
Use this domain for words related to growing grapes.
Use this domain for words related to growing grass, such as sod, hay, alfalfa, bamboo, papyrus, sugarcane, and tobacco. If one type of grass is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it. This has already been done for sugarcane and tobacco, since they are so common around the world.
Use this domain for words related to growing maize.
Use this domain for words related to growing potatoes.
Use this domain for words related to growing rice.
Use this domain for words related to growing root crops such as beets, carrots, cassava, garlic, ginger, leeks, manioc, onions, peanuts, potatoes, radishes, rutabagas, taro, turnips, and yams. If one crop is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it. This has already been done for potatoes and cassava, since they are so common around the world.
Use this domain for words related to growing sugarcane.
Use this domain for words related to growing tobacco.
Use this domain for words related to growing trees. If one crop is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it. This has already been done for coconuts and coffee, since they are so common around the world.
Use this domain for words related to growing vegetables, such as asparagus, beans, broccoli, cabbage, celery, chard, cucumbers, eggplant, melons, peas, peppers, pumpkins, spinach, squash, tomatoes, and watermelons. If one type of vegetable is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it.
Use this domain for words related to growing wheat.
Use this domain for words related to guiding someone--to show someone where to go by going ahead of them.
Use this domain for words related to hair.
Use this domain for words related to hairstyles.
Use this domain for words related to harvesting crops. If there is an important crop and there are a lot of words that refer to harvesting it, set up a special domain for it, such as 'Harvest rice' or 'Harvest coconuts'. If there is more than one such crop, set up a separate domain for each of them.
Use this domain for words related to hating someone or something--to dislike someone or something very much.
Use this domain for words related to having a birth defect.
Use this domain for words related to having a fever.
Use this domain for words related to having a good reputation--when most people think well of someone because he does good things and doesn't do bad things.
Use this domain for words related to having a vision--when a person sees something that isn't there because something unusual has happened to their mind. Include unusual, abnormal, and paranormal states of consciousness, visions, hallucinations, and spiritually induced trances.
Use this domain for words related to having an advantage--something that helps you succeed that other people don't have.
Use this domain for words related to having authority.
Use this domain for words related to having extra--to have more than enough or more than what you need.
Use this domain for words related to having insufficient--to not have enough.
Use this domain for words related to having mercy on someone who has done something bad.
Use this domain for words related to having poor eyesight.
Use this domain for words related to having something.
Use this domain for words related to having wealth.
Use this domain for words related to hearing something (in general or without conscious choice).
Use this domain for words related to heaven and hell--the place where people go after they die.
Use this domain for words related to helping a woman to give birth.
Use this domain for words related to helping someone.
Use this domain for words related to hiding things so that they cannot be seen or found, and for hiding oneself.
Use this domain for words related to hiding your thoughts.
Use this domain for words related to high social status.
Use this domain for words related to hindering someone.
Use this domain for words related to hiring or renting something--to pay money so that you can use something that belongs to someone else.
Use this domain for words related to history.
Use this domain for words related to hitting something.
Use this domain for words related to holding tools--tools used to grip and hold things so that they don't move, and tools used to hold things that you can't hold with your hand, such as very hot things.
Use this domain for words related to honoring someone.
Use this domain for words related to hoping that something will happen--to want something good to happen in the future.
Use this domain for words related to household decorations.
Use this domain for words related to household equipment and tools.
Use this domain for words related to how something appears.
Use this domain for words related to humor.
Use this domain for words related to hunting and fishing--catching and killing wild animals.
Use this domain for words related to hunting birds.
Use this domain for words related to hunting wild animals.
Use this domain for words related to idols and their use.
Use this domain for words related to ignoring someone--to not look at, listen to, or talk to someone because you think they are not important or you don't like them.
Use this domain for words related to imitating someone--to do things in the same way as another person.
Use this domain for words related to imprisoning someone.
Use this domain for words related to improving something--to make something better.
Use this domain for words related to including something in a group.
Use this domain for words related to influencing someone--to do something because you want someone to change his thinking.
Use this domain for words related to informal justice--punishing someone when you are not in a position of authority, as when a mob catches and kills a criminal.
Use this domain for words related to infrastructure--the big things people make that many people use, such as roads, electric power lines, and water supply systems.
Use this domain for words related to inheriting something from your parents after they die.
Use this domain for words related to initiation rites--a ceremony when a child becomes an adult.
Use this domain for words related to injuring someone.
Use this domain for words related to insisting--to say strongly or repeatedly that someone must do something, because the other person does not want to do it.
Use this domain for words related to instinct--to know something without being told, to know what to do without taught how to do it.
Use this domain for words related to insulting someone--to say that someone is bad.
Use this domain for words related to insurance.
Use this domain for words related to intending to do something--to do something intentionally and not by accident.
Use this domain for words related to interceding for someone--to say something to someone because you want them to do something good for someone else.
Use this domain for words related to introducing a new subject--to start talking or writing about something new for the first time.
Use this domain for words related to irrigating a field.
Use this domain for words related to joining an organization.
Use this domain for words related to joining two or more things together.
Use this domain for words related to judging someone.
Use this domain for words related to justice.
Use this domain for words related to keeping bees.
Use this domain for words related to keeping something from falling.
Use this domain for words related to keeping something.
Use this domain for words related to kidnapping someone.
Use this domain for words related to killing someone--to cause someone to die.
Use this domain for words related to knitting.
Use this domain for words related to labor and birth pains.
Use this domain for words related to lacking respect.
Use this domain for words related to land that a person owns or the land on which a house is built.
Use this domain for words related to leaving an organization.
Use this domain for words related to legal personnel.
Use this domain for words related to lending something.
Use this domain for words related to life after death.
Use this domain for words related to light.
Use this domain for words related to lighting a fire.
Use this domain for words related to lightning and thunder.
Use this domain for words related to liking something or someone, or liking to do something.
Use this domain for words related to listening--to deliberately hear something.
Use this domain for words related to living in a place.
Use this domain for words related to lizards.
Use this domain for words related to losing a fight.
Use this domain for words related to losing consciousness, including fainting, being knocked out, and anesthesia.
Use this domain for words related to losing wealth.
Use this domain for words related to losing your way.
Use this domain for words related to loving someone--to feel good about someone, want good things to happen to them, and want to do good things for them.
Use this domain for words related to low social status.
Use this domain for words related to lumbering--cutting down trees and cutting them up.
Use this domain for words related to lusting for something--to want something bad or forbidden.
Use this domain for words related to lying--to say something that is not true.
Use this domain for words related to making a hole or opening in something.
Use this domain for words related to making a mark on something.
Use this domain for words related to making a profit.
Use this domain for words related to making a speech--to talk for a long time to many people.
Use this domain for words related to making alcoholic beverages.
Use this domain for words related to making an appeal.
Use this domain for words related to making peace--to try to prevent or end a war.
Use this domain for words related to managing a house.
Use this domain for words related to managing something.
Use this domain for words related to mathematics and arithmetic--the study of numbers.
Use this domain for words related to measuring something--to find out the size, length, weight, or amount of something.
Use this domain for words related to medicine, types of medicine, and the application of medicine.
Use this domain for words related to meeting a standard.
Use this domain for words related to meeting someone for the first time.
Use this domain for words related to meeting together.
Use this domain for words related to men's clothing.
Use this domain for words related to mentioning something--to talk about something but without saying much about it.
Use this domain for words related to metal rusting--when metal becomes bad.
Use this domain for words related to military organizations.
Use this domain for words related to milk products.
Use this domain for words related to milking an animal.
Use this domain for words related to milling grain.
Use this domain for words related to mining.
Use this domain for words related to miracles--the use of supernatural power to do something good.
Use this domain for words related to mixing things together--to put two or more different kinds of substances, like liquids or cooking ingredients,  together.
Use this domain for words related to monetary units.
Use this domain for words related to money.
Use this domain for words related to most--more than half and less than all of something.
Use this domain for words related to mountains.
Use this domain for words related to mourning a death--to feel bad because someone died and to show this feeling in various ways. Include whatever cultural practices are used.
Use this domain for words related to movies and the cinema.
Use this domain for words related to moving back and forth.
Use this domain for words related to moving into something, such as a house or an area.
Use this domain for words related to moving out of something, such as a house or area.
Use this domain for words related to mucus in the nose.
Use this domain for words related to multiple births--when a woman give birth to more than one baby at the same time.
Use this domain for words related to multiples of something (single, double, triple).
Use this domain for words related to multiplying one number times another.
Use this domain for words related to music.
Use this domain for words related to narcotics and drugs that are not used as medicine but as stimulants. Narcotics are often addicting and harmful to a person's health.
Use this domain for words related to needing something for some purpose.
Use this domain for words related to neglecting plants.
Use this domain for words related to negotiating with someone.
Use this domain for words related to newspapers and magazines.
Use this domain for words related to not caring about someone.
Use this domain for words related to not feeling sure about something or someone.
Use this domain for words related to not having enough food.
Use this domain for words related to not liking someone or something.
Use this domain for words related to noticing something.
Use this domain for words related to numbers. Every language has a word for 'one', and a word for 'two'. These two numbers often have special words. So we have included a separate domain for 'one' and 'two'. In addition the numbers form a series (one, two, three...). Most languages have more than one series of numbers (first, second, third...).  So we have also included a domain for each series of numbers that most languages have. Your language may have other series of numbers. Put them in the domain 'Number series'.
Use this domain for words related to obeying someone.
Use this domain for words related to occupations.
Use this domain for words related to occupying an area.
Use this domain for words related to offering a sacrifice.
Use this domain for words related to offering to do something for someone.
Use this domain for words related to old age and older persons?
Use this domain for words related to opening something.
Use this domain for words related to oppressing someone or a particular group of people--when a person uses his power or authority to harm others who are innocent.
Use this domain for words related to other, as in 'the other person', 'another thing'--a thing that is not the same as something that has been mentioned.
Use this domain for words related to owing money.
Use this domain for words related to owning something.
Use this domain for words related to pain
Use this domain for words related to paper.
Use this domain for words related to pardoning someone who has been found guilty of a crime.
Use this domain for words related to parents.
Use this domain for words related to participating in a group--to do things with a group.
Use this domain for words related to parts of clothing.
Use this domain for words related to passing a law.
Use this domain for words related to paying money for something.
Use this domain for words related to peace--when people or countries are not fighting.
Use this domain for words related to permanently leaving your home or country, and for words related to migrating--moving every year to the same places because of the weather and food supplies.
Use this domain for words related to persuading someone--to try to get someone to do something or to change his thinking.
Use this domain for words related to photography.
Use this domain for words related to picking something up.
Use this domain for words related to pigs.
Use this domain for words related to places of worship. Each religion has different types of places of worship. These questions must be answered according to the practices of each religion and for each separate type of place.
Use this domain for words related to plaiting your hair.
Use this domain for words related to planets (large objects that circle the sun, looking like bright wandering stars in the sky), comets (objects that circle the sun, looking like a star with a tail), meteors (small objects that come from space and burn up when they hit the earth's atmosphere, causing a streak of light across the sky), and asteroids (small objects that circle the sun), planetary moons (large objects that circle the planets). Some cultures do not study the stars and will have few or no words in this domain. Others cultures that study the stars will have many words. There are only five planets that people can see in the sky--Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. The others are only known from the scientific study of astronomy.
Use this domain for words related to planning.
Use this domain for words related to plant diseases.
Use this domain for words related to planting a field.
Use this domain for words related to playing and fun.
Use this domain for words related to playing music.
Use this domain for words related to plowing a field.
Use this domain for words related to plundering--stealing something from an enemy during a war.
Use this domain for words related to poetry.
Use this domain for words related to pointing at something--to move a part of your body toward something so that people will look at it.
Use this domain for words related to poking tools--tools used to make holes in things.
Use this domain for words related to politics--the activities of politicians and political parties.
Use this domain for words related to pounding food in a mortar.
Use this domain for words related to pounding tools.
Use this domain for words related to practicing religion.
Use this domain for words related to praising someone or something--to say something good about someone, or to say that someone did something good.
Use this domain for words related to praying--talking to God.
Use this domain for words related to preferring one thing over another--to like something more than something else.
Use this domain for words related to preparing land for planting crops.
Use this domain for words related to preparing something so that it can be used for some purpose.
Use this domain for words related to preparing to do something.
Use this domain for words related to preserving the condition of something from decay.
Use this domain for words related to preventing someone from doing something.
Use this domain for words related to problems.
Use this domain for words related to processing the harvest.
Use this domain for words related to producing wealth.
Use this domain for words related to promising to do something--to say that you will do something in the future.
Use this domain for words related to property--the things you own.
Use this domain for words related to prosperity--when good things are happening.
Use this domain for words related to protecting someone from danger or being hurt.
Use this domain for words related to protesting--to say publicly that you do not like something.
Use this domain for words related to publishing books.
Use this domain for words related to pulling--causing something to move toward you.
Use this domain for words related to punishing someone.
Use this domain for words related to pursuing someone--to follow someone in order to catch them.
Use this domain for words related to putting lots of things on something.
Use this domain for words related to putting something down.
Use this domain for words related to putting something somewhere.
Use this domain for words related to quarreling--to fight with words.
Use this domain for words related to radio and television.
Use this domain for words related to radio, television, newspapers, magazines and other forms of mass communication.
Use this domain for words related to railroads.
Use this domain for words related to raising birds.
Use this domain for words related to reading.
Use this domain for words related to realizing something.
Use this domain for words related to rearing a child--to take care of someone while they are a child so that their needs are met and they become a good person.
Use this domain for words related to rebelling against authority.
Use this domain for words related to rebuking someone--to tell someone that he has done something wrong.
Use this domain for words related to receiving something from someone.
Use this domain for words related to reconciling with someone.
Use this domain for words related to recording music.
Use this domain for words related to reflecting light.
Use this domain for words related to refusing to do something.
Use this domain for words related to refusing to permit someone to do something.
Use this domain for words related to relationships between people and groups of people.
Use this domain for words related to relief.
Use this domain for words related to religious ceremonies.
Use this domain for words related to religious purification.
Use this domain for words related to removing part of something, taking something apart, and things coming apart.
Use this domain for words related to removing the shell or skin from food.
Use this domain for words related to renouncing a claim.
Use this domain for words related to repairing something.
Use this domain for words related to repaying a debt.
Use this domain for words related to repeating something--saying something a second time.
Use this domain for words related to repenting.
Use this domain for words related to reporting something--to say that something has happened and to tell about it.
Use this domain for words related to representing another person.
Use this domain for words related to requesting something--to ask for something, or ask someone to do something.
Use this domain for words related to responding to someone in trouble.
Use this domain for words related to responding to trouble.
Use this domain for words related to resting.
Use this domain for words related to resurrection--life after death, or living again after dying.
Use this domain for words related to revenge--to do something bad to someone because they did something bad to you.
Use this domain for words related to rewarding someone.
Use this domain for words related to ritual scarring.
Use this domain for words related to romantic love.
Use this domain for words related to ruling.
Use this domain for words related to sacred writings. Examples are only given for the Christian sacred writings. However you should include words referring to the holy books of all religions .
Use this domain for words related to salt.
Use this domain for words related to saving someone or something from trouble (something bad is happening) or danger (something bad will happen).
Use this domain for words related to saying farewell.
Use this domain for words related to saying something.
Use this domain for words related to school.
Use this domain for words related to science.
Use this domain for words related to sculpture.
Use this domain for words related to searching for something that has been hidden or lost.
Use this domain for words related to seeing something (in general or without conscious choice).
Use this domain for words related to selling something.
Use this domain for words related to sending something--to cause someone to take something somewhere.
Use this domain for words related to serving food.
Use this domain for words related to serving someone.
Use this domain for words related to setting someone free.
Use this domain for words related to setting something upright.
Use this domain for words related to setting yourself apart from other people and not relating to them.
Use this domain for words related to sexual relations and having sex. Be careful that your domain label does not use a taboo word.
Use this domain for words related to sharing wealth with others.
Use this domain for words related to sharing with other people.
Use this domain for words related to shaving.
Use this domain for words related to sheep.
Use this domain for words related to shouting--to speak loudly.
Use this domain for words related to showing affection.
Use this domain for words related to showing hospitality to a visitor.
Use this domain for words related to showing someone how something works, or explaining something to someone.
Use this domain for words related to showing something to someone so that they can see it--to cause someone to see something.
Use this domain for words related to showing sympathy and support to someone in trouble.
Use this domain for words related to shutting something.
Use this domain for words related to siblings.
Use this domain for words related to singing.
Use this domain for words related to skin diseases such as leprosy, boils, and rashes.
Use this domain for words related to sleeping.
Use this domain for words related to smelling something.
Use this domain for words related to smelting--melting rocks to get metal out of them.
Use this domain for words related to smuggling--taking something secretly into a country, something which is illegal or without paying duty.
Use this domain for words related to snakes.
Use this domain for words related to snow, ice, sleet, and hail.
Use this domain for words related to social class.
Use this domain for words related to social refinement.
Use this domain for words related to solving a problem.
Use this domain for words related to solving something--finding the answer to something that is difficult to understand.
Use this domain for words related to some--a number or amount of things or people when the number is not stated; an indefinite number or amount.
Use this domain for words related to something being a type of thing, or that something belongs to a class of things.
Use this domain for words related to something being available to use.
Use this domain for words related to something being free of charge--something you can have without paying for it.
Use this domain for words related to something being someone's fault.
Use this domain for words related to something breaking or wearing out, especially for things that people make and use.
Use this domain for words related to something decaying--when a living thing dies and becomes bad, or when a part of a living thing becomes bad.
Use this domain for words related to something decreasing in number or amount--to be less than before.
Use this domain for words related to something increasing in number or amount--to be more than before.
Use this domain for words related to sorcery--the use of supernatural power to do something bad.
Use this domain for words related to speaking a little, either because you do not like to talk, or you think you should not talk.
Use this domain for words related to speaking a lot.
Use this domain for words related to speaking in unison--to say something at the same time as someone else.
Use this domain for words related to speaking poorly.
Use this domain for words related to speaking well.
Use this domain for words related to spending money.
Use this domain for words related to spinning thread.
Use this domain for words related to spitting.
Use this domain for words related to sports.
Use this domain for words related to spreading something--to cover something on all sides with something liquid or sticky like paint or mud.
Use this domain for words related to standing. The words in this domain may include whether the person is standing on one foot or two, whether the person's feet are together or placed apart, whether something is between the person's feet, how fast the person stands up.
Use this domain for words related to stealing something--to take something that does not belong to you.
Use this domain for words related to stimulants--substances that are drunk, eaten, or chewed to make a person more alert or give him more energy.
Use this domain for words related to stomach illness.
Use this domain for words related to stopping fighting.
Use this domain for words related to storing the harvest.
Use this domain for words related to storing wealth.
Use this domain for words related to storms.
Use this domain for words related to submitting to authority.
Use this domain for words related to subtracting one number from another.
Use this domain for words related to succeeding in doing something.
Use this domain for words related to suffering--to feel very bad because of something very bad that has happened to you.
Use this domain for words related to sugar.
Use this domain for words related to supernatural knowledge.
Use this domain for words related to surrendering to an enemy.
Use this domain for words related to suspecting someone--to think that someone might have done something bad.
Use this domain for words related to sweating.
Use this domain for words related to swelling of the body.
Use this domain for words related to swimming.
Use this domain for words related to taking an oath.
Use this domain for words related to taking care of something.
Use this domain for words related to taking something by force.
Use this domain for words related to talking about a subject.
Use this domain for words related to tasting something.
Use this domain for words related to tax.
Use this domain for words related to teaching.
Use this domain for words related to tearing or ripping something.
Use this domain for words related to telling the truth.
Use this domain for words related to telling time.
Use this domain for words related to tending a field.
Use this domain for words related to tending a herd in the fields.
Use this domain for words related to testifying in a court of law.
Use this domain for words related to thanking someone--to tell someone that you feel good about something they did for you.
Use this domain for words related to the air around us, including the air we breathe and the atmosphere around the earth.
Use this domain for words related to the air force.
Use this domain for words related to the answer to a question in a test.
Use this domain for words related to the army.
Use this domain for words related to the back part of something.
Use this domain for words related to the bones and joints.
Use this domain for words related to the bottom part of something.
Use this domain for words related to the boundary of an area.
Use this domain for words related to the calendar.
Use this domain for words related to the cardinal numbers (one, two, three)--the numbers used to count.
Use this domain for words related to the clouds.
Use this domain for words related to the countryside--the area away from a city
Use this domain for words related to the ear.
Use this domain for words related to the edge of something--the part of something where two sides come together.
Use this domain for words related to the end of an action or situation.
Use this domain for words related to the end of something.
Use this domain for words related to the expression of good feelings, including laughing--the sounds a person makes when he is enjoying himself or thinks something is funny.
Use this domain for words related to the eye.
Use this domain for words related to the female reproductive organs and a woman's monthly menstrual cycle. Some of these terms may be taboo. Care must be exercised in which terms are included in the dictionary. A group of women should decide which terms are 'public' and can go in the dictionary, and which would be considered taboo, overly crude, or embarrassing. For example some societies have been afraid that their women will be taken advantage of if these terms are known.
Use this domain for words related to the fingers and toes.
Use this domain for words related to the foundation of a building.
Use this domain for words related to the front part of something.
Use this domain for words related to the growth of plants.
Use this domain for words related to the inside part of something.
Use this domain for words related to the king's family.
Use this domain for words related to the law.
Use this domain for words related to the legal process.
Use this domain for words related to the levels of a building.
Use this domain for words related to the life cycle of an animal.
Use this domain for words related to the male reproductive organs.
Use this domain for words related to the materials used to make a building.
Use this domain for words related to the meaning of something that is said.
Use this domain for words related to the method of doing something.
Use this domain for words related to the middle part or center of something.
Use this domain for words related to the moon. In your culture people may believe things about the moon. For instance in European culture people used to believe that the moon caused people to become crazy. So in English we have words like "moon-struck" and "lunatic." You should include such words in this domain.
Use this domain for words related to the most--the largest number or amount; or the least--the smallest number or amount. Most/least may refer to the largest/smallest number possible or needed. If there are several groups being counted, most/least may refer to the largest/smallest group.
Use this domain for words related to the mouth. Do not use this domain for words referring to eating, drinking, or speaking.
Use this domain for words related to the name of a person. Each culture has a system of personal names to identify individuals and kin groups. The subcategories under this heading should reflect the cultural system. If your language has a special set of names that do not fit any of they domains given here, then set up a special domain.
Use this domain for words related to the name of a thing. Many cultures give names to particular buildings, ships, airplanes, organizations, companies, schools, and other things. If your language has hundreds of names for some kind of thing, it is best to not try to list them all. But if there are a few important names for one kind of thing, set up a domain for them.
Use this domain for words related to the nature of character of something.
Use this domain for words related to the navy.
Use this domain for words related to the nose.
Use this domain for words related to the number one. It appears that every language has a word for 'one' and 'two', but not every language has a word for the numbers higher than two. Many languages have several words that mean 'one'.
Use this domain for words related to the number two.
Use this domain for words related to the ordinal numbers (first, second, third)--the numbers used to indicate the order of something in a series, such as "the first child".
Use this domain for words related to the outside or surface part of something.
Use this domain for words related to the police.
Use this domain for words related to the power used to do something.
Use this domain for words related to the prevention or termination of a pregnancy, and for words related to killing babies.
Use this domain for words related to the price of something--how much money you have to pay to buy something.
Use this domain for words related to the promotion of trade and sales.
Use this domain for words related to the rain.
Use this domain for words related to the remainder of something--the part or amount of something that remains behind after the other parts have been taken away. Something can be left because everything else has been used or eaten, or everything else has been destroyed or burned.
Use this domain for words related to the rooms of a building.
Use this domain for words related to the ruler of a country.
Use this domain for words related to the sense of touch--to feel something with your skin, to feel hot or cold, to feel tired or rested.
Use this domain for words related to the side part of something.
Use this domain for words related to the skin.
Use this domain for words related to the sky.
Use this domain for words related to the soft tissue of the body.
Use this domain for words related to the stars and other heavenly bodies.
Use this domain for words related to the state of being married.
Use this domain for words related to the steps in food preparation. One way to find the words in this domain is to describe how each type of food is prepared.
Use this domain for words related to the sun. The sun does three basic things. It moves, it gives light, and it gives heat. These three actions are involved in the meanings of most of the words in this domain. Since the sun moves below the horizon, many words refer to it setting or rising. Since the sun is above the clouds, many words refer to it moving behind the clouds and the clouds blocking its light. The sun's light and heat also produce secondary effects. The sun causes plants to grow, and it causes damage to things.
Use this domain for words related to the teeth.
Use this domain for words related to the telephone.
Use this domain for words related to the things that fires produce.
Use this domain for words related to the tide.
Use this domain for words related to the top part of something.
Use this domain for words related to the treatment of disease and injury.
Use this domain for words related to the value of something.
Use this domain for words related to the way or route that you take to go somewhere.
Use this domain for words related to the weather.
Use this domain for words related to the wedding ceremony.
Use this domain for words related to the wind. Some words refer to when the wind begins and ends. The wind changes in speed, so some words refer to how fast the wind is moving. Try to rank these on a scale from very slow to very fast. These words may also be distinguished by what the wind does, since a fast wind does more things. These words may also be distinguished by how long the wind blows. Some words refer to the speed of the wind becoming faster or slower. Some words distinguish a steady wind from a wind in which the speed keeps changing. Some words refer to when the speed of the wind becomes faster for a short time. A steady wind moves in a particular direction, so there are words that include the direction of the wind. The direction of the wind may refer to the points of the compass, a neighboring geographical feature or area, or the direction in which the speaker is moving. Some words refer to a wind that moves in a small circle, making a pillar of dust or a funnel-shaped cloud. Some words refer to what the wind does, such as when it moves or damages something. People can feel the wind, so some words refer to how it feels. The wind makes noise, so there are words that refer to the sound of the wind. In some cultures there is a relation between the wind and spirits, so some words may refer to the activity of the spirits in the wind, or that the wind brings disease.
Use this domain for words related to theology--the study of God and what people believe about God.
Use this domain for words related to there being more of something.
Use this domain for words related to things becoming disorganized.
Use this domain for words related to things done to animals.
Use this domain for words related to thinking about something for some time.
Use this domain for words related to thinking and acting against God or religion.
Use this domain for words related to thinking, thought processes, and kinds of thinking.
Use this domain for words related to threatening someone--to say that you will do something bad to someone if they don't do what you want them to do.
Use this domain for words related to threshing grain.
Use this domain for words related to tooth decay.
Use this domain for words related to tracking an animal.
Use this domain for words related to traditional clothing.
Use this domain for words related to traditional medicine. There may be no distinction in terminology between 'modern medicine' and 'traditional medicine.' In that case this domain should be ignored. (Our purpose here is not to judge the value of traditional medicine, but to collect and describe the words used for it.)
Use this domain for words related to trapping an animal.
Use this domain for words related to traveling by air.
Use this domain for words related to traveling by land.
Use this domain for words related to traveling by water.
Use this domain for words related to traveling in space.
Use this domain for words related to treating animal diseases.
Use this domain for words related to trimming plants.
Use this domain for words related to turtles.
Use this domain for words related to tying things together.
Use this domain for words related to types of food.
Use this domain for words related to uncovering something.
Use this domain for words related to unity--when a group of people agree with each other and are not fighting.
Use this domain for words related to uprooting plants.
Use this domain for words related to urination.
Use this domain for words related to using someone for your own purpose or gain without helping them.
Use this domain for words related to using something to do something.
Use this domain for words related to using something up.
Use this domain for words related to using tobacco.
Use this domain for words related to valleys.
Use this domain for words related to visiting someone.
Use this domain for words related to volcanoes.
Use this domain for words related to waking up from sleep.
Use this domain for words related to walking--moving slowly using your legs.
Use this domain for words related to walls.
Use this domain for words related to wanting something or wanting to do something.
Use this domain for words related to war--fighting between countries.
Use this domain for words related to warning someone--saying something to someone so that he will not do something bad.
Use this domain for words related to washing clothes.
Use this domain for words related to washing dishes.
Use this domain for words related to wasting something.
Use this domain for words related to waves and what they do.
Use this domain for words related to wearing clothing.
Use this domain for words related to weaving baskets, mats, and other things.
Use this domain for words related to weaving cloth.
Use this domain for words related to weighing something.
Use this domain for words related to welcoming a visitor.
Use this domain for words related to winning a victory.
Use this domain for words related to winnowing grain--to separate the chaff from the grain.
Use this domain for words related to wiping dirt off of things.
Use this domain for words related to women's clothing.
Use this domain for words related to wood.
Use this domain for words related to wool production--cutting the hair off of a sheep.
Use this domain for words related to working for someone.
Use this domain for words related to working hard.
Use this domain for words related to working in the sea.
Use this domain for words related to working poorly.
Use this domain for words related to working well.
Use this domain for words related to working with bone.
Use this domain for words related to working with bricks.
Use this domain for words related to working with buildings.
Use this domain for words related to working with chemicals.
Use this domain for words related to working with clay.
Use this domain for words related to working with cloth.
Use this domain for words related to working with cords and ropes.
Use this domain for words related to working with electricity.
Use this domain for words related to working with glass.
Use this domain for words related to working with land.
Use this domain for words related to working with leather.
Use this domain for words related to working with machines.
Use this domain for words related to working with metal. Answer each question below for each kind of smith.
Use this domain for words related to working with minerals.
Use this domain for words related to working with oil and gas.
Use this domain for words related to working with stone.
Use this domain for words related to working with water pipes.
Use this domain for words related to working with water.
Use this domain for words related to working with wood.
Use this domain for words related to working.
Use this domain for words related to wrapping something--to cover something on all sides with something like leaves, cloth, or paper.
Use this domain for words related to writing.
Use this domain for words related to your spouse.
Use this domain for words related to your uncles and aunts.
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he is asking a question. English has no question word, but other languages such as Japanese do.
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he thinks it is possible that something may happen or be true, but he isn't certain.
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he thinks something is certainly true or is certain to happen.
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he thinks something is impossible.
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he thinks something is possible. Maybe implies that the speaker doesn't know something.
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he thinks something is probable or likely to occur.
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he thinks something must happen.
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses when he hesitates or pauses while he is speaking in order to think about what he is saying.
Use this domain for words that affirm or agree with the truth of something, or that answer a yes/no question in the affirmative.
Use this domain for words that are used to get someone's attention or direct the listener's attention to something. These may use a verb meaning 'look' or 'listen'. Some may be a word specifically referring to attention. Others may be a greeting. Others may be words that refer to non-verbal communication such as clearing your throat.
Use this domain for words that begin a clause that identifies a specific case or example of what has just been said, or that explains what has just been said. Specific case: I have just mentioned a general class of things or a general idea and want to give a specific example of what I am talking about. Explanation: I have just said something and I think people might misunderstand, so I want to explain what I mean. Digression: I am talking about a particular topic, but want to say something that does not fit into my topic, so I say something that is about a different topic.
Use this domain for words that describe a member of a group that is different or special.
Use this domain for words that describe a person's personality (the way he usually thinks, talks, and how he acts with other people).
Use this domain for words that describe a person speaking quietly.
Use this domain for words that describe a person who does not think well.
Use this domain for words that describe a person who thinks well.
Use this domain for words that describe food that is prohibited by the culture or religion. Do not list the foods that are prohibited.
Use this domain for words that describe how well you can see through something.
Use this domain for words that describe loud sounds.
Use this domain for words that describe quiet sounds.
Use this domain for words that describe something that is difficult to understand.
Use this domain for words that describe something that is easy to understand.
Use this domain for words that describe something that is hard--not easily cut, or broken.
Use this domain for words that describe something that is shiny--when something gives back light because light is shining on it.
Use this domain for words that describe something that is stiff--not easy to bend.
Use this domain for words that describe something that is strong--not easily broken.
Use this domain for words that describe something that is symmetrical--having the same shape on both sides
Use this domain for words that describe the state of the mind when a person's mind is not working well or when he is not thinking very well.
Use this domain for words that describe whether or not something is known.
Use this domain for words that express the idea that something (said, written, thought, or made) depicts or is about a subject, or that something is logically related to some topic. Also use this domain for words that mark the topic or subject of what is being thought about, talked about, or written about. Verbs of thinking, knowing, or speaking (including other types of expression) can take a 'topic' role. We can think of a 'topic' as the main idea. Use this domain also for the important thing in a picture.
Use this domain for words that express the idea that something contains something.
Use this domain for words that express the idea that something is above another thing. The concept 'above' is inherently relational, expressing the relative positions of two things.
Use this domain for words that express the idea that something is high.
Use this domain for words that express the idea that something is under another thing. The concept 'under' is inherently relational, expressing the relative positions of two things.
Use this domain for words that indicate a degree on a scale.
Use this domain for words that indicate a spatial relation between situations.
Use this domain for words that indicate event propositions. Event propositions are similar in that they are normally expressed by a subject and a verb, possibly including an object, indirect object, or complement clause. However there are multiple ways in which a language can express an event, such as a passive construction, noun phrase, or subordinate clause. In addition each event type is different in its primary cases, and in the ways those cases are marked. Each event type has subtypes, such as intransitive, transitive, and bitransitive verbs. A great deal of research is needed in order to identify all the variations. Ultimately every verb must be investigated to determine how it behaves in each syntactic construction and how its case relations are marked. No two verbs are entirely alike.
Use this domain for words that indicate if something is real.
Use this domain for words that indicate if something is true, if it agrees with reality, or if it is not true.
Use this domain for words that indicate that an event or state has no cause or reason, or is unreasonable (has insufficient cause).
Use this domain for words that indicate that no one is certain that something is true, or when it is impossible to be certain that something is true.
Use this domain for words that indicate that someone does something himself, rather than through someone else.
Use this domain for words that indicate that someone or something is the cause for an event or state, that one event is the cause for another event or state, or that an event or state is reasonable (having sufficient cause). For instance in the sentence, "John caused David to fall," "John caused" is an enabling proposition that brings about the primary proposition "David fell."
Use this domain for words that indicate that something happens early--before the expected time, before the usual time, or before the time that was agreed on. Some words may include the idea that it is good that the event happened early. Other words may include the idea that it is bad that the event happened early.
Use this domain for words that indicate that something is to the side of someone.
Use this domain for words that indicate that something that never happens, or that something has not once happened.
Use this domain for words that indicate that something will continue to happen until a particular time or until something else happens, and then it will stop.
Use this domain for words that indicate that something will start to happen at some time and continue for some time.
Use this domain for words that indicate that the number or amount of something is less than the number or amount of another thing.
Use this domain for words that indicate that the phrase or sentence is particularly important.
Use this domain for words that indicate that you are adding another thought to a previous thought. Words in this domain may indicate a variety of relationships between words, phrases, clauses, or sentences. For instance the words may join two clauses that are the same except that the subjects are different, or the objects are different, or the verbs are different.
Use this domain for words that indicate whether a number or amount is approximate.
Use this domain for words that indicate whether a number or amount is exact--not more and not less.
Use this domain for words that intensify an attribute.
Use this domain for words that mark a second Patient that accompanies the primary Patient of an activity. In this type of sentence there are actually two Patients, but one of them has more prominence than the other. The primary patient is usually expressed as the object of the sentence. The second Patient may be marked by an oblique case or preposition/postposition. For instance it may be conceived as accompanying the first Patient.
Use this domain for words that mark an instrument used to do something.
Use this domain for words that mark the beneficiary of an event. The sentence "John built a house for his father" is ambiguous. If the house was for his father to live in, then "for" would mark the 'Beneficiary of a patient', meaning that the house was for the father. If, on the other hand, the father was intending to build the house to sell, but couldn't due to an injury, then "for" would mark the 'Beneficiary of an event', meaning the father benefited from the building of the house.
Use this domain for words that mark the beneficiary of the Patient of an activity. The Patient is often expressed as the object of a sentence. In the sentence
Use this domain for words that mark the material out of which something has been made.
Use this domain for words that mark the place where someone was born or the place where they have been living.
Use this domain for words that mark the recipient of the Patient of an activity. The Patient is usually expressed as the object of a sentence.
Use this domain for words that mark the Source (original location) of something.
Use this domain for words that modify an attribute.
Use this domain for words that negate or deny the truth of something, or that answer a yes/no question in the negative.
Use this domain for words that nothing, no one, never, and nowhere.
Use this domain for words that reason why someone does something.
Use this domain for words that refer to a group of things.
Use this domain for words that refer to a part of something. These words are often based on the parts of a person's body.
Use this domain for words that refer to a pattern--a regular arrangement of shapes.
Use this domain for words that refer to a place in relation to the speaker or listener.
Use this domain for words that refer to a place on another side of something from the reference point. 'Across' involves three things--the object, the reference point, and something else in between the two.
Use this domain for words that refer to a place where the sick and injured are treated.
Use this domain for words that refer to balancing yourself or something--when someone or something is able stand or move without falling.
Use this domain for words that refer to discovering and revealing unknown information.
Use this domain for words that refer to looking at someone or something--to see something because you want to.
Use this domain for words that refer to parts of a plant. Start with general words that all plants have. Then think through each major type of plant. Finish by thinking of specific plants that are well known (usually cultivated crops) and that have words for specific parts (e.g. tassel on a corn/maize cob).
Use this domain for words that refer to people who are not related by blood or marriage.
Use this domain for words that refer to social groups composed of related people.
Use this domain for words that refer to tending a fire--to keep a fire burning so that it burns well and does not go out.
Use this domain for words that refer to the place where something is located and for words indicating the location of something.
Use this domain for words that refer to watching someone or something--to look for some time at something that is happening because you are interested in it and want to know what is happening.
Use this domain for words that refer to words and groups of words.
Use this domain for words that related to being strong, such as being able to lift a heavy object or being able to work hard.
Use this domain for words that the speaker uses to refer to the person he is addressing. These words are usually used when you start talking to someone, but can be used during a speech or conversation to refer to the person you are talking to.
Use this domain for words that the speaker uses to show respect or a lack of respect to the person he is addressing. Some languages have elaborate systems of honorifics. Other languages have none. Languages with a stratified social structure often use honorifics. Egalitarian societies generally lack them, but some egalitarian societies may use them. For instance in Nahuatl there are four levels of honorifics. Level 1 is how one addresses intimates, small children, and pets. Level 2 is for strangers and persons treated formally. Level 3 is for respected persons, the dead, and God. Level 4 is for obsequious respect, as for the archbishop in an interview with a priest, and for ritual kin. (Jane H. Hill and Kenneth C. Hill. 1978. Honorific usage in modern Nahuatl: the expression of social distance and respect in the Nahuatl of the Malinche Volcano area, Language 54:123-155.) In Japanese, which has a stratified social structure, a person uses one set of words and affixes when speaking to someone below you in the social hierarchy, such as your wife, children, and pets. A different set of words is used when speaking to peers. Another set is used when speaking to a superior. A fourth set is used when speaking to the emperor. English used to have two pronouns for second person singular. 'Thou' was used for equals and inferiors, and 'you' was used for superiors. Your language may have special honorific words used as (1) pronouns, (2) affixes, (3) particles, (4) terms of direct address, (5) greetings (6) requests, (7) apologies.
Use this domain for words used in Animism--the belief in spirits.
Use this domain for words used in Buddhism.
Use this domain for words used in Christianity.
Use this domain for words used in Hinduism.
Use this domain for words used in Islam.
Use this domain for words used in Judaism.
Use this domain to list all adjectives. If there are many adjectives in your language, you should not try to list them all here. If you want to find all the adjectives, most dictionary programs can sort your dictionary by part of speech. However if your language only has a few adjectives, you can list them all in this domain. In the book, "Where Have All the Adjectives Gone?" R. M. W. Dixon [Dixon, R. M. W. 1982. Where have all the adjectives gone? Berlin: Mouton.] identifies seven universal semantic types that are often expressed by adjectives. They are: Age (new, young, old), Dimension (big, little, long, short, wide, narrow, thick, fat, thin), Value (good, bad, proper, perfect, excellent, fine, delicious, atrocious, poor), Color (black, white, red), Human propensity (jealous, happy, kind, clever, generous, cruel, rude, proud, wicked), Physical property (hard, soft, heavy, light, rough, smooth, hot, cold, sweet, sour), Speed (fast, slow). Words in the Human propensity class may be nouns. Words in the Physical property and Speed classes may be verbs.
Use this domain to list all adverbs. If there are many adverbs in your language, it is probably not worth the trouble to list them here. The Shoebox program (and other dictionary programs) can sort your dictionary by part of speech.
Use this domain to list all affixes that do not fit in any of the subdomains under it. This section should be filled out by a linguist.
Use this domain to list all classifiers.
Use this domain to list all clause level conjunctions--conjunctions that join two clauses.
Use this domain to list all conjunctions.
Use this domain to list all derivational affixes. A derivational affix is joined to a root and changes it into a different word. Derivational affixes often change the root into a different part of speech. Adding a derivational affix usually changes the meaning of the root in a significant way.
Use this domain to list all idiophones. If there are many idiophones in your language, it is probably not worth the trouble to list them here. The Shoebox program
Use this domain to list all interjections.
Use this domain to list all noun affixes.
Use this domain to list all particles.
Use this domain to list all phrase level conjunctions--conjunctions that join two words within a phrase.
Use this domain to list all prepositions and postpositions.
Use this domain to list all sentence level conjunctions--conjunctions that join two sentences.
Use this domain to list all verb affixes.
Use this section for cases that bear a relationship to the 'Patient' of a proposition.
Use this section for primary cases.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate a clause in a conditional sentence (If this is true, then that is true). The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate a subordinate clause. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate adverbial clauses. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate agent-oriented modalities. Agent-oriented modalities describe internal or external conditions on a willful agent with respect to the completion of the predicate situation. They may be combined with any of the tenses, either in the same morpheme or in combinations of morphemes. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate aspects of dynamic verbs. Aspects describe the temporal contours of a situation. They may be combined with any of the tenses, either in the same morpheme or in combinations of morphemes. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate aspects of stative verbs. Aspects describe the temporal contours of a situation. They may be combined with any of the tenses, either in the same morpheme or in combinations of morphemes. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate epistemic moods. Epistemic moods have the whole proposition in their scope and indicate the degree of commitment of the speaker to the truth or future truth of the proposition. They may be combined with any of the tenses, either in the same morpheme or in combinations of morphemes. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate evidentials. An evidential is when the speaker indicates the source of the information on which an assertion about a situation is based. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate imperatives. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press. Use this domain for words and affixes that a speaker uses to indicate that he is making a command. English has no command word. Some languages change the form of the verb by adding an affix. Some languages have special verbs that are only or normally used as commands. Those verbs could be classified here.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate moods.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate relational tenses. Relational tenses describe situations where the reference time is not the same as the moment of speech. They may be combined with any of the tenses, either in the same morpheme or in combinations of morphemes. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate tense and aspect.
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that modify verbs.
Use this section for words indicating coordinate relations. Do not put any words in this domain. It is only for organizational purposes.
Use this section for words that join semantically similar events into one sentence. Each sentence is actually reporting two or more situations, which may differ in one or two respects. The words to be included in these domains indicate that two situations are being reported, or mark the differences between the two situations.
Use up
use, employ (something), make use of, handle, manipulate, wield
used, well used, worn, well worn, is past its prime, second hand
Useful
useful, be of use, handy, helpful, valuable, be good for, be worth, constructive, nifty, 
usefulness, utility, 
Useless
useless, be of no use, be no use, be no good, unhelpful, be of no help, be no help, 
Usual
usual, normal, natural, typical, ordinary
utensil, tool, appliance
vacillate, go back and forth between, waver
vacuum cleaner, broom, mop
vague, oblique, unclear, not well worded, cryptic, hard to understand, difficult to understand, puzzle, puzzling, riddle
Valley
valley, ravine, gully, canyon, gulch, course, basin, channel, gorge, rift, wadi, depression
Value
value, intensity, saturation, 
value, price, worth
vandal, saboteur, bull in a china shop, 
vandalize, vandal, smash up, sabotage, tamper with, deface, desecrate, 
Various
various, 
vegetable garden, hoe, pick
vegetable oil, cream, lard, fat, wax, tallow, beeswax, soap
vegetable, tomato, leek, squash, carrot, beans, greens, spinach, cabbage, lettuce, eggplant, okra, pumpkin, cucumber, red pepper, green pepper, cassava leaf
vegetarian
Vehicle
vehicle, car, auto, truck, motorcycle, bicycle, cycle, bus, taxi
velvet worm, walking worm
venereal disease, AIDS, gonorrhea, syphilis, herpes
vengeful, vindictive, 
venom, venomous, poison, poisonous
Verb affixes
Verbal tradition
verbal tradition, hand down a tradition
verse, chorus, theme, note, melody, harmony
Vertical
vertical, upright, up-and-down, plumb, erect, upraised, perpendicular, at right angles, square, standing, true, straight, straight up, bolt upright
Very
very few, 
very probably, very likely, there is a strong likelihood, there is a strong probability, almost certain, be more than likely, in all probability, ten to one
very, really, highly, deeply, real, so, mighty, one, quite, ever so, bloody, decidedly, too, proper, true, extremely, such
vet, veterinarian, 
veterinarian, veterinary, animal diseases
Veterinary science
via, course, route, 
Vicinity
victim, target, be under attack
victory, win, triumph, success, conquest
Vindicate
vindicate, exonerate, justify, warrant, exculpate, acquit, clear, set right
vine, runner, creeper
violence, aggression, brutality, savagery, ferocity, fierceness, force, fury, barbarity, 
Violent
violent, brutal, aggressive, vicious, savage, barbarous, bloodthirsty, barbaric
violent, gory, 
violent, peaceful
violent, violently, vicious, brutal, savage, ferocious, rough, bloody, forcible, stormy, barbarous, 
virgin, virginity, celibate, 
Virginity
Visible
visible, show, in view, in sight, seen, show up, perceptible, noticeable, observable, discernible, seeable, distinguishable, perceivable, 
Vision, hallucination
vision, trance, hallucination
Visit
visit, appointment, interview, stay, time with, visitation, 
visit, pay a visit, call, call on, drop by, drop in on, go round, make the rounds, look in on, see, spend time with, stop by, 
visitor, guest, houseguest, overnight visitor, caller, 
vocabulary, lexicon, dictionary, glossary, 
voice
Voice
voice your disapproval, express your disapproval, register your disapproval, condemn, denounce, deplore, 
Volcano
volcano, volcanic
volume, 
volume, capacity, size, dimensions, 
vomit (v), vomit (n), regurgitate, disgorge, heave, retch, throw up, 
vomiting, morning sickness, indigestion, diarrhea, dysentery, constipation, constipated, ulcer, ulcerate, ulcerated, intestinal obstruction, worms, 
vulnerable, 
vulnerable, defenseless, powerless, 
vulnerable, sitting duck, be an easy target, open to attack
wade, paddle, slosh
waft, dissipate, 
wages, salary, income, benefits
wagon, cart, chariot, carriage
Wait
wait (n), delay (n)
wait impatiently, lose your patience, can't wait
Wait! Wait up. Just a minute. Just a moment. I'll be right with you. Hold on. Hang on. Please hold.
wait, wait for, wait up for, wait on, await, hang on, stand by, wait around, hang around, hold off, wait your turn, sit something out, cool your heels, bide your time, sit tight, sweat it out, hesitate, hesitation, wait and see, wait behind, lie in wait, waiting room, waiting list
wake (someone) up, get (someone) up, rouse
Wake up
wake up, come to, awaken, come out of a deep sleep, be startled out of sleep
walk
Walk
walk carefully, watch your step, tread, pick your way, edge
walk slowly, stroll, amble, ramble, take a Sunday stroll, meander along, saunter, inch, lumber, plod, poke, slog, toddle, traipse, trudge
walk with a spring in your step, walk jauntily, swagger, flounce, mince, prance, saunter, strut
Walk with difficulty
walk, stalk, charge, run down, prowl
walk, trot, wander, lie down, charge
walker, cane, crutch, walking stick, wheelchair
walker, hiker, tramp, pedestrian, passer-by
walking stick, cane, crutch
Wall
wall, fence, hedge
wall, palisade, rampart, 
wall, side of the house
walled, enclosed, 
wallow, hunting grounds, watering hole, pasture, range, trail
wallow, root, feed
Wander
wander, meander, ramble, roam, prowl, walk around
wanderer, vagabond, tramp, hobo
Want
want (n), desire (n), wish (n), longing, yearning, craving, mania, obsession, 
want to, wish you could, aspire to, feel like, hope you can, interested in, raring to, have an urge to, 
want to, would like to, 
want, desire, wish, long for, yearn, crave, hunger, thirst, be attracted to, fancy, have a fancy for, intent on
War
war, battle, campaign, engagement, fight, contest, clash, skirmish
war, famine, disaster, accident, sickness, injury, death, conflict, harm, destruction, oppression
war, warfare, fighting, civil war, conflict, armed conflict, 
ward off, 
ward, unit, operating room, operating theater, emergency room, casualty department, accident and emergency, lab, x-ray room, nurses' station, intensive care, surgery, waiting room, mortuary, morgue, 
warhead, fuse, fin
warlike, 
warm up, get hot, thaw, melt, temperature is rising, 
warm, heat, dry
warm, the warmth, balmy, mild, temperate, 
warm, thermal, 
warmonger, militarist, hawk, 
Warn
warn, forewarn, admonish, advise against, discourage someone from doing something, dissuade, 
warning, admonition, alarm, alert, caution, caveat, discouragement, forewarning
warring
wash
wash (the baby), anoint, swaddle (wrap in cloth), 
Wash clothes
wash clothes, launder, do the laundry, dry clean
Wash dishes
wash dishes, rinse
wash out, run, 
wash themselves, groom, hunt, stalk
wash up on shore, wash out to sea, wash away, erode, wear away, lift, rise and fall with the waves, rock
washerwoman, drycleaners
Waste
waste, squander, dissipate, uneconomical
Watch
watch out, look out, heads up, hit the dirt, get out of the way, here it comes, oh no, (scream)
watch, keep a watch on, surveillance, observation, 
watch, keep an eye on, observation, monitor, 
watch, keep an eye, 
watch, observe, look on, see (a movie), 
watchdog, performing (animal), seeing eye dog, police dog, hunting dog
Water
water-power, water mill, water-wheel
water (v), add water, put water on, 
Water quality
water, H2O, moisture
water, milk, juice, tea, coffee, soda, soda pop, coke, milkshake, malt, chocolate
watercourse, dry riverbed, wash, arroyo, wadi
waterfall, falls, rapids, cascade, cataract, spillway, race
waterproof, watertight
watershed, basin
waterway, sea-lane
waterworks, canal, ditch, dam, cistern, pipe, pump, siphon
watery, aquatic, amphibious
Wave
wave, ripple, swell, breaker, billow, surf, tidal wave, tsunami
wax, earwax, 
way of life, lifestyle, 
way, how to get, route, directions, 
Way, manner
way, manner, style, fashion, how, thus, mode, 
Way, route
We've just received two <truckloads> of food.;  All I had to eat was a <handful> of maize.
We <only> have five chairs.
We <should not> do anything to hinder them.;  We <ought not to> do anything that might harm them.;  I <caution> you not to interfere.
We <should> do something to help.;  We <ought to> do something to help.;  <Should>n't we do something to help?;  This building <should> be torn down.
We all admire <such> a man. (a generous man);  We all admire <that kind of> a man.;  We all admire <that sort of> a man.
We are <almost> finished.
We are <almost> there.
We are safe here.;  We made it to safety.
We eat vegetables <with> our rice.;  We used mud <mixed with> a little cement to plaster the wall.
We got up before <dawn>, in order to get an early start.
We made this book entirely <by hand>, using locally available materials.
We need five chickens in addition to the ten we already have.
We need more food.
We need to know the <approximate> weight of his suitcase.
We traveled <to> New York.;  Our <destination> is New York.;  John moved the wood <to> the back of the house.;  John sent David <to> New York.
We traveled <via> the highway most of the way.;  What <route> will you follow?
We were carried down the river <with> the current.
We will submit the file <in accordance with> the law.;  He will be judged <in accordance with> his crime.;  His grade <corresponds to> his performance.;  You aren't acting <in line with> your beliefs.;  You will benefit <in proportion to> your contribution.;  What I have said <applies to> myself as well.
We would like you to do it <thus>.;  I'll show you <how> I want it.
we, us, our, ours
Weak
weak, puny, weedy, impotent, 
weak, weakened, feel tired, no energy, debilitate, enervate, 
weaken, debilitate, enfeeble
weakling, wimp, invalid, weed, 
weakness, infirmity, disability, vulnerability, 
wealth, savings, investments
Weapon, shoot
weapon, weaponry, arms, armament, munitions, ordnance, 
wear away, corrode, erode, 
wear away, wear out, 
Wear clothing
wear glasses, 
wear, have on, be clothed, clad, shod, 
wear, wear out, deteriorate, 
weasel, ermine, ferret, marten, mink, otter, polecat, skunk, stoat
Weather
weather-beaten, weathered
weather forecast, weather report, the weather, the outlook
weather, weather conditions, atmospheric (conditions)
weathervane, weathercock, windsock, wind gauge
weave, 
weaver, 
Weaving baskets and mats
Weaving cloth
wedded bliss, care for spouse, love, marriage relationship
Wedding
wedding anniversary, 
wedding announcement, announce your engagement, banns, 
wedding gown, veil
wedding ring, wedding cake, bride's bouquet, 
wedding, ceremony, service, nuptials, church wedding, civil service, 
wedged in, stuck
Wedged in, stuck
weed (v), hoe weeds, weed killer, herbicide, rake weeds, weed carelessly
Week
week, this week, last week, next week, the weeks to come
weekday(s) (Monday through Friday), workday, workweek
weekend, day off, Sabbath, day of rest
weekly, every week, each week
Weigh
weigh a ton, 
weigh down, weight (v), 
weigh, 
weight, bulk, 
weight, mass, 
weighted, 
Welcome, receive
welcome, receive, greet, take in, grant asylum, open your door to, admit, 
well-deserved, well-earned, fitting, appropriate, 
well-known, famous, infamous, fame, notorious, public knowledge
well brought up, 
well done
well publicized
well traveled, cosmopolitan, 
Westminster, Chelsea 
Wet
wet blanket, spoilsport, killjoy, 
wet the bed
wet, dank, watery, aqueous, sludgy, slush, slushy, sloppy, sweaty
wet, get something wet, splash, anoint, dabble, daub, douse, spatter, spray, sprinkle
wet, urinate, defecate, potty,
wether,
whale flukes, flipper, blubber, baleen, blow hole, 
whale, sperm whale, killer whale, blue whale, right whale, dolphin, porpoise
what's his/her name, whatchamacallit, whatsit, so and so, 
what's its name, thingy, thingamajig, whatchamacallit, whatsit, such and such
What <state> is your house in?;  My house is in bad <shape>.
What <way> did he go?;  He headed in that <direction>.;  Turn to a <bearing> of 270 degrees.
What are you doing? What are you up to? What do you think you are doing? 
What fires produce
what I mean is, that is to say, let me add, allow me to explain, it's like
What is the <relation> between the two?;  How are they <related>?;  The <relationship> is complex.;  What does this <have to do with> that?;  The two <are related> somehow, but I don't know in what way.;  The distance an arrow flies <is related to> the angle at which you shoot.;  My science class and the smell of sulfur will forever <be associated> in my mind.;  I don't see the <connection>.;  There must be some sort of <correlation> between them.;  I'm sure there is <a link between> the two, but I haven't found it yet.
What is the <weight> of a liter of water?
what kind of, what sort of, 
What the hell! So what? Who cares? I don't care. I could care less. See if I care. I don't give a care. I don't give a damn. I'm indifferent. What difference does it make? What's the difference? It makes no difference to me. It's all the same to me. Never mind! It doesn't matter (to me). Close enough.
whatever, anything, everything but the kitchen sink, you name it, 
wheel (v), push, roll, trundle
wheel, tire, rim, spokes, hub, axle, 
When did it happen <relative to> his death?
when, then, sometime, someday, anytime, onetime, whenever, approximate, approximately, 
when, upon, thereupon, then, at, be at, be on, -'s, time
where, in the same place as, at the same place as
which shows that, so we find, so we see
while, meanwhile, in the meantime, 
whirlwind, tornado, twister, dust devil, funnel, waterspout
whisper (n), murmur, rustle, 
whisper (v), murmur, mutter, 
whisper, sigh, moan, whistle, howl, scream, shriek
White
White House, Capitol 
white, alabaster, albino, bleached, chalky, cream, cream-colored, creamy, eggshell, fair, ivory, lily-white, milk-white, milky, off-white, oyster white, pearl, pearly, snowy, snow-white, 
white, black
Who has the <most> children?
who, what, when, where, how, why
who, whom, that, which, why
whoa (stop) 
Whole, complete
wholesome, nutritious, nourishing, healthful, 
why did I, why didn't I, I could have kicked myself, 
Wide
wide, broad, widespread, 
widen, get wider, broaden out, 
widened, broadened, 
widening, broadening, 
widening, wide spot, 
wider, widest, broader, broadest, 
Widow, widower
widow, widower, dowager, 
width, breadth, 
wife, virgin, old maid, maiden, divorc\xc3\xa9e, lesbian, 
wiggle, 
wild (animal), untamed, feral, wildlife, beast
wild, uncultivated
wilderness, uninhabited, frontier, hinterland, outback
will, going to 
will, last will and testament, probate
will, volition
Willing
Willing to learn
willing to learn, open your mind, open-minded, open to new ideas, teachable, 
willing, acquiescent, agreeable, compliant, disposed, fain, free, game, kindly, morale, offer, readily, ready, ungrudging, volition, volitional, voluntary, volunteer, will, willful
Win
win a fight, win a victory, gain the victory, be victorious, come out on top, prevail, win the day, carry the day, emerge victorious
win by a narrow margin, scrape home, scrape by, squeak by, be a close-run thing
win easily, win hands down, sweep to victory, romp home, sweep the board
win, come first, come in first, finish first, get in, first place
win, lose, tie, defeat, become champion, win the prize, finish the race, finish well, winner, loser
Wind
wind instruments, winds, reeds, organ, flute, clarinet, oboe, brass instruments, horn, trumpet, cornet, bugle, trombone, French horn, baritone horn, tuba, harmonica, bagpipes, pipe
wind, coil, curl, loop, roll, spin, twirl, twist, whirl, 
wind, windy, wind current
windmill, pump, pump house, pumping station, lock
window
Window
window frame, windowsill, windowpane, window screen, glass, curtain, curtain rod, blind, shade, gable, shutter
windstorm, sandstorm, tempest, tempestuous
winner, champion, loser, first place winner, second place, runner up, second runner up
winner, winning side, victor, champion, victorious army, champ, 
winnow
Winnow grain
winnow, winnowing basket, winnowing fork, winnowing floor, chaff, grain
winter, spring, summer, autumn, fall, holiday season, Christmas season, new year, midsummer, midyear, 
wipe
wipe (yourself, your anus), 
wipe away, dry
wipe, cover, gag someone, 
Wipe, erase
wipe, erase, to dust
wiry, sinewy, 
wise, sagacious, prudent, sensible, good sense, sound judgment
wish someone luck, good luck, best of luck, 
with
With (a patient)
with my own ears I heard..., 
with my own eyes I saw..., 
with, along, 
with, among, together with, between...and, be one with, in common, in union with, union 
with, be accompanied by, company, in someone's company, in someone's presence, contact, along with, together with, 
With, be with
With, do with someone
with, in conjunction with, in partnership with, in collaboration with, side by side with, shoulder to shoulder with, 
with, together with, combined with, in combination, in conjunction with, alongside, along with, 
with, together with, combined with, mixed with, 
with, using
wither, droop, fade, decay, rot, dry, die
withering (look), derisive (laugh), 
without a sound, not make a sound, in silence, noiseless, soundless, quietly, silently, 
Without cause
without cause, unreasonable, without basis, absurd, for no reason, by itself
Without purpose 
without purpose, for no purpose, in vain, purposeless, senseless, chance, indiscriminate, meaningless, pointless, undirected,  
Without result 
without result, without effect, in vain, to no avail, with no result, have no discernable effect, pointless, useless, worthless, be left with nothing, not yield 
without, not with, no relationship to, apart from, independent of, from, free from, separated from 
witness
Witness, testify
witness, testify, give evidence, tell about, recount, provide information, facts, truth, false witness, perjure, perjury, report, cross-examine, hearsay
witty, comic, jocular, droll, smart, dry wit, slapstick, fun, facetious, waggish, comical, salty
witty, quick-witted, smart, jocular, droll, funny, waggish, facetious, whimsical, humorous, comic
Woman
woman, lady, female, gal, belle, chick, dame, frau, gentlewoman, mistress, senorita, squaw, wench, womenfolk, 
Women's clothing
wood
Wood
wood, brick, cement, plaster, drywall, mud and wattle, clay, cow dung, reinforcing sticks
wood, coal, charcoal, oil, gas, candle wax, kindling
wood, glass, screen
wood, rings, heartwood, pith, pulp, fiber
wood, sawdust, shavings, chips
wooden
wool
Wool production
wool, shear, fleece
Word
word, term, verbal, 
Work
Work and occupation
work clothes, overalls, coveralls, apron, work gloves, hardhat, steel-toed shoes, boots, goggles
Work for someone
work for, be employed, have a job, be in the employ of, 
Work hard
work hard, labor at, strive, try hard, give it your best, do your best, push hard, go all out, wear several hats, hard driving, make an effort
Work poorly
work poorly, work slowly, do a bad job, mess up on the job, slipshod, sloppy, 
work style
Work well
work well together, be well-suited, be well-matched, be made for each other, be a perfect match, be a perfect pair, be ideally suited, be right for, 
work well, give it your best, do your best, skill, skillful, skillfully
work with (iron), forge, cast, shape, mold, heat, melt, weld, solder, hammer, work the bellows, hit with hammer, beat, plate
work with skins, tan leather, cure skins, taxidermy
work, labor, operate
work, labor, toil
Worker
worker, laborer
working class, lower class, the masses, blue-collar, humble, popular, underclass, your inferiors, poor, 
Working in the sea
Working relationship
working relationship, affiliation, association, partnership
Working with bone
Working with bricks
Working with buildings
Working with chemicals
Working with clay
Working with cloth
Working with electricity
Working with glass
Working with land
Working with leather
Working with machines
Working with metal
Working with minerals
Working with oil and gas
Working with paper
Working with stone
Working with water
Working with wood
workshop, potter's field
World
world (adj), global, worldwide, universal
world, nature, environment, environmental
worm, shellfish
wormhole
worn out, has had it, is past it, 
Worried
worried, anxious, anxiously, apprehensive, bothered, concerned, dismayed, disturbed, strained, troubled, uneasy, unsettled, 
worry (n), alarm (n), burden, concern (n), trouble (n), care, stresses and strains, hang-up, complex, weight, 
worry (v), feel worried, be worried, feel anxious, be anxious, be afraid, feel afraid, feel scared, feel unsure, agonize over, wonder what is going to happen, uneasy, fret, brood, lose sleep, not like the look of, not like the sound of, 
worry someone, alarm (v), bother, concern (v), cause someone concern, disturb, trouble (v), bother, prey on your mind, cause concern, be a cause for concern, weigh on your mind, disquiet, 
worry, anxiety, concern, stress, strain, anguish, uncertainty, lack of confidence, apprehension, dismay, 
worrying, worrisome, alarming, anxious, bothersome, disturbing, nerve-racking, stressful, tense, niggling, alarmist, 
Worse
worse, lesser, inferior
Worship
worship, adoration, devotion, homage, service, reverence, veneration, deification, idolization
worship, adore, revere, reverence, lift up your heart, pay homage
would prefer, would rather, 
Would you like something to drink? Would you like some tea or coffee? Could I offer you something to drink? Could I get you something to drink?
Would you like...? Can I...? Shall I...? Have a/some.... Help yourself to....
wounded in action, purple heart, 
woven, 
Wow! 
Wow! Hold on! Good grief! 
Wrap
wrap, cover, shroud, enclose, put around, wind, 
wrapper, wrapping, covering, shroud
wring your hands, bite your lip, 
wrinkled, wizened, gray, show your age, look your age, 
Write
write, write down, take dictation, spell
writhe in pain, double up, contorted with pain, convulse, convulsion, cramp, cramps, wince, 
writing materials, paper, pen, ink, pencil
written agreement, peace accord, peace treaty
Written material
written material, literature, writing, book, composition, essay, article, card, document, inscription, envelope, page, passage
Wrong, unsuitable
wrong, unsuitable, not suitable, unsuited to, not suited to, inappropriate, not appropriate, hardly the time/place/person, 
X <seems to> be true.;  X <appears to> be true.;  <It sounds to me like> X is true.;  <It appears that> X is true.;  <To all appearances> X is true.;  <All indications are that> X is true.;  <It looks suspiciously like> X is true.
X team has won the toss. OK, John goes first. I win. The Lord's will be done. It is the will of the gods. The gods have spoken.
Yard
yard, front yard, back yard, patio, courtyard, garden, driveway, sidewalk, outside, 
yawn, sigh, drag, droop, drop, faint, flag, pant, puff, stretch, wilt, wind down, 
yawn, yawn (n), 
Year
year, this year, last year, next year, the years to come
yearly, every year, annually, annual
yellow, amber, banana, blond, blonde, canary, chartreuse, chrome yellow, citron, cream, flaxen, gold, golden, goldilocks, jaundice, lemon, saffron, sallow, straw-colored, sulfur, tawny, terra cotta, yellow ocher, xanthous, 
yellow, brown, Asian, black, African, white, Caucasian, red, American Indian, Indian
yellow, brown, black, white, red, 
Yes
yes, yeah, yea, indeed, true, that's true, it is true, verily, agreed, certainly, of course, that's right, I guess so, that is so, a-huh, nod your head, affirmative, positive
Yesterday, today, tomorrow
Yorkshire, California, Midlands, Midwest, the South, outback 
You are going, <aren't you>? (The expected answer in English is, 'Yes, I am going'.);  He's going, <isn't he>? (Yes, he is.);  Are<n't> you going? (Yes, I am.);  Did<n't> he go? (Yes, he did).
You are in my light.
You are<n't> going, <are you>? (The expected answer in English is, 'No, I'm not going.');  He is<n't> going, <is he>? (No, he's not going.);  You're <not> going? (No, I'm not going.);  He is<n't> going? (No, he's not going.)
You come here <and> I'll go there.;  You come here <or> I'll go there.;  You come here <while> I go there.;  You come here <then> I'll go there.;  <If> you come here, I'll go there.
You don't need to do anything. I will take care of it <personally>.;  Instead of sending a representative, he is coming <in person>.;  You can talk to him <direct>.
You have two <alternatives>, keep quiet <or> leave.
you, you there, hey you, hello, excuse me, attention, attention please, may I have your attention please, pay attention, listen up everybody, now hear this, and now for an important announcement, and now for a word from our sponsor, just a moment, wait a minute, lend me your ears, look here, ahem
you, your, yours
Young
young, big, good, black, kind, hot, fast, 
young, little, small, 
young, little, small, underage, 
young, puppy, cub, foal, kid, kitten, lamb, litter, chick, brood, fledgling, larva, roe
younger brother, younger sister, little brother, little sister, kid brother, kid sister, 
younger, junior, 
your honor, your majesty, your grace, sir, mister, madam, ma'am
Your idea <is> good.
your majesty, live forever
your morale rises
Youth
youth (adj), juvenile, teenage, adolescent, 
youth, adolescence, in your teens, teenage years, 
youth, teenager, adolescent, minor, young man, young woman, young people, damsel, the young, the youth of, 
youthful, well-preserved, 
zero, nil, naught, o,  
zero, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen...
zip, zoom, whiz, vroom, chop chop
