Universe, creation
Use this domain for general words referring to the physical universe. Some languages may not have a single word for the universe and may have to use a phrase such as 'rain, soil, and things of the sky' or 'sky, land, and water' or a descriptive phrase such as 'everything you can see' or 'everything that exists'.
(1) What words refer to everything we can see?
universe, creation, cosmos, heaven and earth, macrocosm, everything that exists
Sky
Use this domain for words related to the sky.
(1) What words are used to refer to the sky?
sky, firmament, canopy, vault
(2) What words refer to the air around the earth?
air, atmosphere, airspace, stratosphere, ozone layer
(3) What words are used to refer to the place or area beyond the sky?
heaven, space, outer space, ether, void, solar system
(4) What words describe something in the sky or something that happens in the sky?
aerial, heavenly, atmospheric, stratospheric, celestial, 
(5) What words describe the appearance of the sky?
blue, clear, black (night), cloudy, cloud filled, brilliant, dark, night sky, foreboding, stormy, dark, star studded
(6) What words refer to the edge of the sky where it meets the ground?
horizon, skyline
(7) What words refer to something in the sky?
heavenly body, celestial body, luminary
(8) What words refer to the lights that appear in the northern (or southern) sky?
aurora borealis, northern lights
(9) What words refer to something being in the sky?
aloft, up in the sky, up in the air, 
Sun
Use this domain for words related to the sun. The sun does three basic things. It moves, it gives light, and it gives heat. These three actions are involved in the meanings of most of the words in this domain. Since the sun moves below the horizon, many words refer to it setting or rising. Since the sun is above the clouds, many words refer to it moving behind the clouds and the clouds blocking its light. The sun's light and heat also produce secondary effects. The sun causes plants to grow, and it causes damage to things.
(1) What words refer to the sun?
sun, solar, sol, daystar, our star
(2) What words refer to how the sun moves?
rise, set, cross the sky, come up, go down, sink
(3) What words refer to the time when the sun rises?
dawn, sunrise, sunup, daybreak, cockcrow, 
(4) What words refer to the time when the sun is at its highest point?
noon, zenith, 
(5) What words refer to the time when the sun sets?
sunset, dusk, sundown, twilight, eventide, 
(6) What words refer to when the sun is shining?
shine, sunny, bright, give light, be sunshiny, daytime, 
(7) What words refer to the sun shining through the clouds?
come out, break through (the clouds), go behind (a cloud)
(8) What words describe where the sun is shining?
sunlit, be (out) in the sun, lit by the sun, shine on, be in the sunlight, sunny (spot)
(9) What words describe when or where the sun doesn't shine?
shade, eclipse of the sun, sunless, shady, shadow, eclipse (v), 
(10) What words refer to the light of the sun?
sunlight, ray, sunshine, beam, light, sunbeam, radiance, glow, sparkle, glisten, glare
(11) What words describe the brightness of the sun?
bright, intense, brilliant, blinding, glaring, glistening, luminous, dim
(12) What refer to the sun heating things?
warm, heat, dry
(13) What else does the sun do?
looks down on
(14) What words describe the damage done by sunlight?
sunburn, sunstroke, suntan, tan, heatstroke, heat prostration, sun damage, fading from the sun, bleached by the sun
(15) What do people use to protect themselves from the sun?
sunglasses, shade tree, suntan lotion, awning, sun umbrella, parasol, sunbonnet, hat, visor
(16) What words are used of telling time by the sun?
sundial, angle of the sun, sun-clock, shoot the sun, position of the sun, 
(17) What words refer to using the power of the sun?
solar energy, solar power, solar panel
Moon
Use this domain for words related to the moon. In your culture people may believe things about the moon. For instance in European culture people used to believe that the moon caused people to become crazy. So in English we have words like "moon-struck" and "lunatic." You should include such words in this domain.
(1) What words refer to the moon?
moon, lunar, satellite
(2) What words refer to how the moon moves?
rise, set, sink
(3) What words refer to the time when the moon rises?
moonrise, rising of the moon, 
(4) What words refer to the time when the moon sets?
moonset, setting of the moon, 
(5) What words refer to when the moon is shining?
moon is shining, by the light of the moon, moon is/comes out, 
(6) What words describe where the moon is shining?
moonlit, be in the moonlight, lit by the moon, shine on, 
(7) What words describe when or where the moon doesn't shine?
moonless night, eclipse of the moon, eclipse (v), 
(8) What words refer to the light of the moon?
moonlight, moonbeam, moonshine, 
(9) What words describe the brightness of the moon?
bright, pale, 
(10) What words describe the appearance of the moon?
man in the moon, harvest moon
(11) What words refer to the spots on the moon?
lunar sea, crater, 
(12) What words refer to the phases of the moon?
phase, new moon, full moon, half moon, quarter moon, crescent, sliver, moon is waxing (getting bigger), moon is waning (getting smaller), wax and wane
(13) What words refer to the time it takes for the moon to go through its phases?
(lunar) month
Star
Use this domain for words related to the stars and other heavenly bodies.
(1) What words are used to refer to the stars?
star, starry, stellar
(2) What words describe the sky when the stars are shining?
starlit (sky), (sky is) ablaze with stars, starry (sky), star studded (sky), stars are shining
(3) What words are used for where the stars are shining?
starlit, lit by the stars
(4) What words are used for when or where the stars don't shine?
starless (sky, night)
(5) What words refer to the light of the stars?
starlight
(6) What words describe the brightness of the stars?
bright, brilliant, dim, luminous
(7) What words describe the appearance of the stars?
twinkle, wink, glittering, star shaped
(8) What words refer to the study of the stars?
astronomy, astronomer, astrology, astrologer, stargazer, magi
(9) What is a group of stars called?
constellation, galaxy, nebula
Planet
Use this domain for words related to planets (large objects that circle the sun, looking like bright wandering stars in the sky), comets (objects that circle the sun, looking like a star with a tail), meteors (small objects that come from space and burn up when they hit the earth's atmosphere, causing a streak of light across the sky), and asteroids (small objects that circle the sun), planetary moons (large objects that circle the planets). Some cultures do not study the stars and will have few or no words in this domain. Others cultures that study the stars will have many words. There are only five planets that people can see in the sky--Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. The others are only known from the scientific study of astronomy.
(1) What words refer to a planet?
planet, planetary, wandering star
(2) What are the names of the planets?
Mercury, Venus (Morning Star, Evening Star), Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto
(3) What words refer to how the planets move?
revolve (around the sun), orbit, 
(4) What words refer to the sun and planets?
solar system
(5) What words refer to comets?
comet, tail, head
(6) What do comets do?
appear, point, fade
(7) What words refer to meteors?
meteor, shooting star, falling star, meteor trail, meteor shower
(8) What do meteors do?
flash across the sky, blaze a trail across the sky, strike the earth, make a crater, burn up
(9) What words are used for when a meteor hits the earth?
meteorite, meteor crater
(10) What is a small planet called?
asteroid, moon
Air
Use this domain for words related to the air around us, including the air we breathe and the atmosphere around the earth.
(1) What words refer to the air we breathe?
air
(2) What words refer to how much water is in the air?
humid, humidity, damp, dry, sticky, muggy
(3) What words describe good air (such as when the air in a room is clean or doesn't smell bad)?
fresh air, airy, well ventilated
(4) What words describe bad air (such as when the air in a room is dirty, hot, smells bad, or too many people are breathing)?
stuffy, airless, stifling, polluted, air pollution, smog 
Blow air
Use this domain for words related to causing air to move.
(1) What words refer to causing air to move?
blow, fan, exhaust, expel, explode
(2) What words refer to letting air blow through something?
air out, ventilate
(3) What words refer to putting air into something (such as a tire or balloon)?
blow up, inflate, pump up, pneumatic
(4) What words refer to keeping air out of something?
seal, airtight
(5) What words refer to how much air is in something?
air pressure, vacuum
(6) What words refer to using the wind to winnow grain?
winnow
(7) What tools and machines are used to create or use the wind?
fan, air pump, bellows, ventilator, wind tunnel, propeller, air pipe, airshaft, vent, chimney, exhaust, funnel, windmill, sail, valve
Weather
Use this domain for words related to the weather.
(1) What words refer to the weather?
weather, weather conditions, atmospheric (conditions)
(2) What words describe the weather when it is good?
sunny, sunshine, clear (weather), good (weather), fair (weather), fine (day)
(3) What words describe the weather when it is getting better?
clear, clear up, sun comes out, 
(4) What words describe the weather when it is bad?
bad, terrible, foul, inclement, rough, dirty sky, severe
(5) What words describe the weather when it is getting worse?
cloud up, deteriorate
(6) What words describe the weather when it changes?
(cold/warm/storm) front
(7) What words describe the weather when it stays the same?
stretch (of good weather), keep up
(8) What words are used to describe any kind of weather?
rain or shine, all weather, in all weathers
(9) What words describe the temperature?
temperature, hot, warm, heat, cold, chilly, crisp, mild, unseasonably warm/cold, scorching, heat wave, cold spell, cold snap, frigid, freezing, be a chill in the air, 
(10) What words describe the weather when there is a lot of water in the air?
humid, humidity, damp, sultry
(11) What words refer to the type of weather a place normally has?
climate, dry/wet/cold/hot climate, tropical, temperate
(12) What words describe something that has been exposed to the weather for a long time?
weather-beaten, weathered
(13) What words refer to studying the weather?
meteorology, meteorologist, weatherman
(14) What instruments are used to study the weather?
thermometer, barometer, weathervane
(15) What words refer to a report about the weather?
weather forecast, weather report, the weather, the outlook
Wind
Use this domain for words related to the wind. Some words refer to when the wind begins and ends. The wind changes in speed, so some words refer to how fast the wind is moving. Try to rank these on a scale from very slow to very fast. These words may also be distinguished by what the wind does, since a fast wind does more things. These words may also be distinguished by how long the wind blows. Some words refer to the speed of the wind becoming faster or slower. Some words distinguish a steady wind from a wind in which the speed keeps changing. Some words refer to when the speed of the wind becomes faster for a short time. A steady wind moves in a particular direction, so there are words that include the direction of the wind. The direction of the wind may refer to the points of the compass, a neighboring geographical feature or area, or the direction in which the speaker is moving. Some words refer to a wind that moves in a small circle, making a pillar of dust or a funnel-shaped cloud. Some words refer to what the wind does, such as when it moves or damages something. People can feel the wind, so some words refer to how it feels. The wind makes noise, so there are words that refer to the sound of the wind. In some cultures there is a relation between the wind and spirits, so some words may refer to the activity of the spirits in the wind, or that the wind brings disease.
(1) What general words refer to the wind?
wind, windy, wind current
(2) What words describe a wind that only lasts a short time?
breath of air, puff of wind, gust, blast, flurry
(3) What words describe a steady wind?
steady wind, trade wind, monsoon winds
(4) What words describe a wind that comes and goes?
intermittent, gusty, blustery
(5) What words describe a strong wind?
heavy wind, strong wind, squall, gale, stormy wind, howling wind
(6) What words describe a light wind?
light wind, gentle wind, draft, draught, breeze, breezy, zephyr
(7) What words describe a windstorm?
windstorm, sandstorm, tempest, tempestuous
(8) What words refer to a wind that moves in a circle?
whirlwind, tornado, twister, dust devil, funnel, waterspout
(9) What words refer to a warm or cold wind?
Chinook, sirocco
(10) What words describe when the wind begins?
pick up, rise, freshen, gather, blow up
(11) What words describe when the wind stops?
drop, die down, calm, still
(12) What words describe the direction of the wind?
north/south/east/west wind, northeaster, wind off the ocean, ocean breeze, wind from the mountains, mountain breeze, wind from the desert, updraft, downdraft, head wind, tail wind, following wind, cross breeze, windward, lee, prevailing
(13) What does the wind do?
blow, knock down (things), rip, tear off, bend, puff out, billow out (sail), push (boat), raise (waves), fan flames, push snow into drifts, ventilate a house
(14) What words describe something being blown by the wind?
be blown by the wind, wind blows something, blow away, waft on the breeze, flutter in the breeze, be carried by the wind, be born along on/by the wind, be picked up by the wind
(15) What instruments are used to measure the direction or force of the wind?
weathervane, weathercock, windsock, wind gauge
(16) What sounds does the wind make?
whisper, sigh, moan, whistle, howl, scream, shriek
Cloud
Use this domain for words related to the clouds.
(1) What words refer to a cloud?
cloud
(2) What do clouds do?
rain, build, rise, gather, disperse, billow, blow, blown by the wind, move across the sky, threatening, shadow, obscure, hide (the sun)
(3) What words describe different kinds of clouds?
storm clouds, rain cloud, cumulus, thunderhead, anvil shaped, billowing, nimbus, fluffy, cirrus, wispy, vapor trail, haze, hazy, fog, foggy, mist, misty, steam, vapor, band, smog, fume, cloud of smoke
(4) What words describe how many clouds are in the sky?
cloudy, cloud up, cloud cover, be clouded over, overcast, partly cloudy, scattered clouds, gray, dull, foggy
Rain
Use this domain for words related to the rain.
(1) What words refer to the rain?
rain, precipitation, rainfall
(2) What does the rain do?
rain (v), fall, pelt, splatter, drench, water (v)
(3) What words describe the weather when it is raining?
rainy, wet
(4) What words refer to when the rain stops?
stop raining
(5) What words describe how hard it is raining?
sprinkle, drizzle, light rain, shower, pour, downpour, cloudburst, rainstorm, hard/heavy/driving rain, torrential, deluge, thundershower
(6) What words describe when it rains a lot?
rainy season, monsoon, the rains
(7) What is a single drop of rain?
raindrop, drop, 
(8) What words refer to rain water on the ground?
rainwater, puddle, run-off
(9) What sound does the rain make?
pitter-patter, drum, drip drip
(10) What words refer to a rainbow?
rainbow
(11) What words refer to dew?
dew, dewdrop, (ground is) damp with dew, moisture
(12) What do people use to protect themselves from the rain?
umbrella, raincoat, boot
Snow, ice
Use this domain for words related to snow, ice, sleet, and hail.
(1) What words refer to different kinds of snow?
snow (n), sleet, sleety, hail, hailstorm, snowstorm, ice storm, blizzard, snow flurry
(2) What does the snow do?
snow (v), fall, snowfall, drift, blow, cover (the ground), blanket (v), snow in
(3) What words refer to a piece of snow or ice?
snowflake, hailstone, block of ice, ice cube
(4) What words refer to snow or ice on the ground?
ice, drift, snowbank, blanket, snow cover, dusting, icicle, sheet of ice, iceberg, glacier
(5) What words refer to snow on a mountain?
glacier, snowcap, snowfield, avalanche
(6) What words refer to frost (frozen dew)?
frost
(7) What do people do with snow?
shovel, plow
(8) What do people make with snow?
snowball, snowman, igloo
(9) What tools do people use with snow?
ice axe, snow shovel, snowplow
(10) What words refer to moving on snow or ice?
ski, skate, sled, sleigh, sledge, snowshoes, skis, ice-skates, slide, slip
(11) What words refer to water turning into ice?
freeze, frozen, ice over/up
(12) What words refer to snow and ice turning into water?
melt, melt water, thaw, slush, turn to slush
(13) What words refer to frozen ground?
permafrost
(14) What words describe a time when it snows?
snowy
(15) What words describe something that has snow or ice on it?
snowy, snow covered, icy, frosty
Storm
Use this domain for words related to storms.
(1) What general words refer to a storm?
storm, be stormy, stormy weather
(2) What types of storms are there?
hurricane, typhoon, cyclone, blizzard, snowstorm, hailstorm, thunderstorm, rainstorm, cloudburst, windstorm, tornado, funnel, whirlwind
(3) What words describe the intensity of a storm?
terrible (storm), howling (blizzard), raging (storm)
(4) What words refer to a storm starting?
break
(5) What words refer to a storm stopping?
die down
Lightning, thunder
Use this domain for words related to lightning and thunder.
(1) What words refer to lightning?
lightning, lightning bolt, thunderbolt, lightning storm
(2) What does lightning do?
(lightning) strike, be struck by lightning, flash (of lightning), streak (of lightning), light up
(3) What do people use to protect themselves from lightning?
lightning rod
(4) What words refer to thunder?
thunder, thunderstorm, thundercloud, thunderhead
(5) What words describe the sound thunder makes?
peal (of thunder), clap, rumble, boom, crack of lightning, roll
Flood
Use this domain for words related to floods.
(1) What words refer to a time when there is too much rain?
heavy rains, experience torrential rains, el Niño
(2) What words refer to when the ground is covered by water?
flood (n), flood (v), flooding, inundate, deluge
(3) What words refer to a flood ending?
recede
(4) What words refer to an area that is often flooded by a river?
floodplain, 
(5) What words refer to the material left behind by a flood?
silt, 
Drought
Use this domain for words related to drought.
(1) What words refer to a time when there is little or no rain?
drought, extended drought, lack of rain, have no rain, go without rain, la Niña
(2) What words describe the ground when there is no rain?
dry, parched, cracked, dusty
World
Use this domain for words referring to the planet we live on.
(1) What words refer to the planet we live on?
the world, earth, the Earth, the globe, the planet
(2) What words describe something that belongs to this world?
earthly, terrestrial
(3) What words describe something that affects the whole world?
world (adj), global, worldwide, universal
(4) What words are used to talk about the whole world, all the countries, or all the people?
the whole world, the entire earth, all over the world, round the world, 
(5) What words refer to a part of the world?
hemisphere, North Pole, South Pole, pole, polar, polar cap, equator, tropics, tropical, continent, time zone, the Third World, the West, the East, Orient
(6) What words refer to the study of the world?
geography, geographical, geographer, geology
Land
Use this domain for words referring to the ground we stand on, the earth versus the sky.
(1) What words refer to the land in contrast to the sea?
land (and sea), dry land, mainland, continent, inland, interior
(2) What is the earth called in distinction to heaven or the sky?
(heaven and) earth, earth (and sky), (on the) ground
(3) What words refer to the ground we stand on?
ground
(4) What general words refer to the type of land in an area?
geography, topography, feature, landscape, terrain
(5) What words refer to how high the land is?
altitude, sea level
(6) What words refer to the surface of the earth?
surface, crust, lithosphere
Mountain
Use this domain for words related to mountains.
(1) What types of mountains are there?
mountain, mount, hill, volcano, plateau, moor, butte, crag, dome, height, highland, upland, uplift, mound, formation
(2) What words refer to a mountain with a flat top?
plateau, mesa, tableland
(3) What words describe land that has many mountains?
mountain range, mountainous, the hills, hilly, rolling hills, highlands
(4) What words refer to the top of a mountain?
top, summit, peak, pinnacle
(5) What words refer to the side of a mountain?
face, mountainside, hillside, slope, shoulder, foothill, saddle
(6) What words refer to a steep place on a mountain?
cliff, bluff, butte, escarpment, ridge, precipice, brow, ledge
(7) What words describe how steep a mountain is?
slope, steep, gentle, contour, gradient
(8) What words refer to the bottom of a mountain?
foot, bottom
(9) What words refer to snow on a mountain?
snowcap, glacier
(10) What words refer to rocks at the bottom of a mountain?
moraine, talus
(11) What words refer to when part of a mountain falls?
landslide, avalanche
(12) What do people do to mountains?
climb
(13) What words refer to a place you can travel through the mountains?
pass, tunnel
Volcano
Use this domain for words related to volcanoes.
(1) What words refer to a volcano?
volcano, volcanic
(2) What are the parts of a volcano?
cone, cinder cone, core of a volcano, crater, lava flow
(3) What do volcanoes do?
erupt, eruption, spew (gas, lava, ash), explode, blow, produce a cloud, cause earthquakes, bury things (under lava, ash), smoke
(4) What do volcanoes produce?
lava, molten lava, volcanic ash, cloud of ash, ash flow, pyroclastic flow, volcanic cinder, volcanic glass (obsidian), pumice, thunder egg
(5) What words refer to whether a volcano is erupting or not?
active, dormant, extinct
Plain, plateau
Use this domain for words referring to land that is flat.
(1) What words refer to land that is flat?
plain, plateau, prairie, steppe, savanna, tundra, heath, mesa, field, meadow, pasture, flatland, tableland, bottomland, lowland, level ground, lowlands
(2) What words describe land that is flat?
flat, level, even
(3) What words a place that is not very flat?
uneven, dip, depression, basin, rut, rutted
Valley
Use this domain for words related to valleys.
(1) What types of valleys are there?
valley, ravine, gully, canyon, gulch, course, basin, channel, gorge, rift, wadi, depression
(2) What words describe valleys?
narrow, broad, deep
Underground
Use this domain for words referring to the area under the ground, and to holes in the ground.
(1) What words refer to the area under the surface of the earth?
underground, below ground, subterranean, abyss, bedrock, core, mantle, stratum, subsoil
(2) What words refer to natural holes in the ground?
hole, cave, cavern, grotto, opening, crack, depression, hollow, cavity, channel, chasm, cleft, cranny, crater, crevasse, crevice, depression, dip, mud hole, pit, sinkhole, mouth of a cave
(3) What words refer to man-made holes in the ground?
conduit, culvert, ditch, foxhole, mine, pit, pothole, rut, subway, shaft, trench, trough, tunnel, well, 
(4) What words refer to a hole made by an animal?
burrow, den, foxhole, lair
(5) What words refer to water under the ground?
aquifer, underground river
Forest, grassland, desert
Use this domain for words referring to an area of land that has particular types of plants growing in it.
(1) What words refer to the types of plants that grow in an area?
ecosystem, vegetation
(2) What words refer to a forest or group of trees?
forest, forested, rain forest, grove, wood, wooded, woodland, woods, thicket, jungle, taiga, orchard
(3) What are the parts of a forest?
forest canopy, forest floor, underbrush, undergrowth, edge (of the forest), deep in the forest, backwoods, timberland
(4) What words refer to a place in a forest where there are no trees?
meadow, clearing
(5) What words refer to land covered by grass or bushes?
grassland, prairie, savannah, bush, moor, moorland, brush, brake, heath, scrubby, scrubland, shrubby, steppe, tundra, veldt
(6) What words refer to land where many plants grow?
lush, dense, thick, overgrown, 
(7) What words refer to land where very few plants grow?
desert, wasteland, oasis
(8) What words refer to land where no people live?
wilderness, uninhabited, frontier, hinterland, outback
Earthquake
Use this domain for words related to earthquakes. In some languages earthquakes are thought of as moving somewhere. In Amele (PNG) they say "mim nen" which means 'the earthquake came down (from above)'. In Northern Embera an earthquake is a "house-shaking". They say "a house-shaking went."
(1) What words refer to earthquakes?
earthquake, quake, tremor, temblor, shock, seismic, upheaval
(2) What do earthquakes do?
rock (house, ground), shake (house, ground), crack (ground), knock down (things), cause (buildings) to collapse, ground splits, earth shifts
(3) Where do earthquakes occur?
earthquake fault, fault line, epicenter, fissure
(4) What words refer to a large wave caused by an earthquake?
tidal wave, tsunami, 
Substance, matter
Use this domain for general words referring to matter--what something is made out of, or a type of solid, liquid, or gas.
(1) What general words refer to matter?
substance, stuff, matter, material, 
(2) What words refer to something found naturally that people could use?
natural resources, raw materials
(3) What words refer to the study of matter?
chemistry
Soil, dirt
Use this domain for words referring to soil and dirt.
(1) What words refer to soil?
soil, topsoil, earth, earthen, ground, loam, clay, dirt, dirty, sand, sandy
(2) What words describe the quality of the soil?
fertile, infertile, poor, rich
(3) What words refer to a piece of dirt?
clod, clump, lump (of clay), grain of sand
(4) What words refer to dirt mixed with water?
mud, muddy, mud puddle, mire, miry, muck, goo, ooze
(5) What does mud do?
splatter, splash, stick, squish
(6) What words refer to dry dirt?
dust, dust cloud, dust storm
(7) What does dust do?
raise, stir up, settle, hang in the air, fly, cling (to clothes)
(8) What words refer to the dirt on the top of the ground with grass in it?
topsoil, sod
(9) What words refer to soil being washed away by rain?
erode, erosion, 
Rock
Use this domain for words referring to rock.
(1) What general words refer to a rock?
rock, stone, bedrock
(2) What words refer to the size of a rock?
crag, rocky outcropping, boulder, rock, stone, pebble, gravel, sand, grit, powder
(3) What types of rocks are there?
granite, sedimentary, igneous, metamorphic, pumice, shale, quartz, flint, marble, slate, chalk, sandstone
(4) What words describe rocks?
hard, soft, sharp, smooth
(5) What words describe ground with lots of rocks in it?
rocky, stony
(6) What words refer to a piece of rock?
block, slab
Metal
Use this domain for words referring to metal.
(1) What general words refer to metal?
metal, metallic
(2) What types of metal are there?
aluminum, barium, brass, bronze, chrome, chromium, copper, gold, iron, lead, lithium, magnesium, mercury, molybdenum, nickel, platinum, quicksilver, radium, silver, steel, tin, titanium, tungsten, uranium, zinc
(3) What words describe metal?
shiny, luster, malleable, rust, rusty, tarnish, corrode, golden, silvery, polished, alloy, pure, karat, solid, plated
(4) What words refer to a piece of iron that attracts other pieces of iron?
magnet, magnetic, magnetism, lodestone
Mineral
Use this domain for naturally occurring elements, compounds, and minerals--things you can find in the ground.
(1) What general words refer to minerals?
mineral, mineral resources, element, chemical, atom, crystal, ore
(2) What types of minerals are there?
bauxite, borax, brimstone, calcium, carbon, coal, coke, feldspar, gypsum, limestone, magnetite, mica, nitrate, peat, phosphate, phosphorus, pitch, pitchblende, potash, potassium, pyrite, salt, saltpeter, silica, soda, sulfur, talc, tar
(3) What words refer to the study of minerals?
mineralogy, mineralogist
(4) What words refer to the formation of minerals?
mineralize, calcify, petrify, vitrify
Jewel
Use this domain for words referring to jewels and precious stones.
(1) What general words refer to jewels?
jewel, precious stone, birthstone, crystal, gem, gemstone
(2) What types of jewels are there?
agate, amethyst, beryl, carnelian, chalcedony, chrysolite, chrysoprase, diamond, emerald, garnet, ivory, jacinth, jasper, marble, onyx, pearl, quartz, ruby, sapphire, sardonyx, topaz
(3) What words describe jewels?
precious, semiprecious, facet, glitter, sparkle, lustrous
Solid, liquid, gas
Use this domain for words describing the different states of matter (solid, liquid, and gas), and words for changing from one to another.
(1) What words describe the states of matter?
solid, liquid, gas
(2) What words describe the states of water?
ice, water, steam
(3) What words refer to solids changing into liquids?
melt, melted, melt down, molten, thaw, liquefy, soften, dissolve, soluble
(4) What words refer to liquids changing into solids?
solidify, harden, dry, bake, freeze, thicken, stiffen, set, jell, gel, clot, coagulate, coagulation, congeal, crystallize, crystallization, precipitate, precipitation, curdle
(5) What words refer to gases changing into liquids?
condense, condensation, dew, distill
(6) What words refer to liquids changing into gases?
boil, evaporate, evaporation, vaporize, steam
(7) What words refer to the temperature at which things change?
melting point, freezing point, dew point, boiling point
Liquid
Use this domain for words referring to liquids.
(1) What general words refer to liquid?
liquid, fluid, moisture
(2) What words describe something that is liquid?
liquid (adj), molten
(3) What words describe liquids?
liquid (state), juicy, wet
(4) What words describe a liquid that is almost solid?
thick, stiff, creamy, smooth, lumpy, viscid, viscous, paste, concentrated
(5) What words refer to making a liquid thicker?
thicken, concentrate
(6) What words refer to becoming thicker?
thicken, get thicker, set, congeal, clot
(7) What words refer to how thick or thin a liquid is?
thickness, consistency, viscosity
(8) What words describe a liquid that is very fluid?
fluid, watery, thin, runny, diluted
(9) What words refer to making a liquid thinner?
dilute
(10) What words refer to the top of a liquid?
surface
(11) What words refer to the thick part that can form on the top of a liquid?
skin, scum, crust, slime, slimy, 
(12) What words refer to removing the thick part on top?
skim
(13) What words describe a liquid with lumps in it?
lumpy, smooth
(14) What words refer to bubbles in or on a liquid?
bubble (n), bubble (v), bubbly, suds, foam
Oil
Use this domain for words referring to oil.
(1) What general words refer to oil?
oil, grease, lubricant
(2) What types of oil are there?
petroleum, petrol, gasoline, gas, diesel, kerosene, paraffin, crude oil, mineral oil, ointment, liniment, lotion, Vaseline, glycerin
(3) What types of oil are made from plants and animals?
vegetable oil, cream, lard, fat, wax, tallow, beeswax, soap
(4) What words describe oil?
oily, greasy, slippery, slick, slimy, smooth, lubricating, fatty, gummy, mucous, soapy
(5) What words refer to some oil on something?
drop of oil, oil slick, blob, glob, soap (v)
(6) What words refer to putting oil on something?
lubricate, lubrication, lube, oil (v), anoint, rub, salve, slick, smear, grease (v)
Gas
Use this domain for words referring to gas.
(1) What general words refer to gas?
gas, gaseous, vapor, mist, air, fume, steam, steamy, cloud (of gas), plume (of steam)
(2) What types of gas are there?
natural gas, oxygen, carbon dioxide, ozone, hydrogen, nitrogen, helium, neon
(3) What words describe gas?
noxious (fumes), poisonous gas
(4) What words refer to the production of gas?
produce gas, give off fumes
(5) What words refer to the movement of gas?
spread, drift, creep along the ground, vapor trail, rise
Water
Use this domain for general words referring to water.
(1) What general words refer to water?
water, H2O, moisture
(2) What words describe something that belongs to the water or is found in water?
watery, aquatic, amphibious
(3) What words describe something that water cannot pass through?
waterproof, watertight
Bodies of water
Use this domain for general words referring to bodies of water.
(1) What general words refer to a body of water?
body of water, hydrosphere
(2) What words describe something belonging to the water?
marine, oceanic, riverine
Ocean, lake
Use this domain for words referring to bodies of standing water.
(1) What words refer to bodies of standing water of different sizes?
ocean, sea, lake, pond, pool, puddle, wallow
(2) What words refer to a man-made lake?
reservoir, man-made lake, catchment area
(3) What are the parts of bodies of water?
surface, bottom, abyssal depths, abyssal plain, thermal layer, seamount, continental shelf, shallows, the depths, the deep, open sea
(4) What words refer to the study of the ocean?
oceanography
Swamp
Use this domain for words referring to bodies of standing water with plants growing in them.
(1) What words refer to shallow bodies of standing water with plants growing in them?
swamp, swampland, wetland, marsh, marshland, bog, delta, estuary, bayou, morass
(2) What words describe an area that is a swamp?
swampy, marshy, boggy
(3) What words refer to moving through a swamp?
get bogged down, sink
River
Use this domain for words referring to bodies of flowing water.
(1) What words refer to rivers of different sizes?
river, stream, streamlet, creek, brook, brooklet, rill, rivulet
(2) What words refer to a river when it has a lot of water?
flood, torrent, flash flood, freshet, swell, surge
(3) What words refer to a river overflowing its banks?
overflow its banks, flood, deluge
(4) What words refer to two rivers coming together?
branch, confluence, fork, tributary
(5) What words refer to a part of a river that is steep?
waterfall, falls, rapids, cascade, cataract, spillway, race
(6) What are the parts of a river?
source, head, headwaters, mouth, upstream, downstream, bend, whirlpool, eddy, river bottom, riverbed, backwater, narrows, oxbow
(7) What words refer to a river when it has no water?
watercourse, dry riverbed, wash, arroyo, wadi
(8) What words refer to a man-made river?
canal
(9) What words refer to a place to cross a river?
bridge, ford
(10) What words refer to something floating down a river or caught in it?
flotsam, snag, logjam
(11) What words refer to dirt, sand, and rocks washed down by a river?
sandbar, delta, alluvium, alluvial, silt, 
(12) What words refer to the area of land drained by a river?
watershed, basin
(13) What words refer to the movement of a river?
current, flow
Spring, well
Use this domain for words referring to a place where water comes out of the ground.
(1) What words refer to a place where water comes out of the ground?
spring, water source, water supply, well, artesian well, water hole, bore hole, fountain, fountainhead
(2) What words refer to water coming out of the ground?
spring up, well up, bubble up, flow out of
Island, shore
Use this domain for words referring to land in contrast with the sea or river.
land (and sea), dry land, mainland, continent, inland, interior, terrestrial
(2) What words refer to an island?
island, isle, islet, archipelago, atoll, key
(3) What words are used of the edge of a lake or sea?
shore, beach, coast, coastal, coastland, seaboard, seashore, shoreline, foreshore, edge, strand, reef, coral reef, water-front, strip, 
(4) What words refer to a bay?
bay, gulf, cove, fjord, harbor, inlet, lagoon, sound, strait, port, 
(5) What words refer to a peninsula?
peninsula, promontory, cape
(6) What words are used of the edge of a river?
bank, riverbank, levee, sandbar, embankment
(7) What words describe something near water?
seaside, beachfront, lakeside, bordering
(8) What words refer to a place where the water is shallow?
shallows, shoal, 
Movement of water
Use this domain for words referring to the way in which water and other liquids move.
(1) What words refer to water moving into something?
fill, flow in, inflow, infuse, infusion, run into
(2) What words refer to water coming out of something?
spray, bleed, blow, burst, discharge, drain, gush, issue, jet, pour, pouring, run, spew, spout, dribble, drip, effusion, erupt, exude, ooze, outflow, percolate, seep, spout, squirt, sweat, vomit, tap
(3) What words refer to water breaking into drops?
splash, spray
(4) What words refer to water forming bubbles?
bubble, foam, foaming, froth, whip
Flow
Use this domain for words referring to the way water moves over a surface, such as in a river or along the ground.
(1) What words refer to water moving over a surface?
flow, run, stream, current, rise, fall, flood, overflow, to wind, meander, erode, split, merge, roil, surge, torrent, trickle, effluence, spread, permeate, 
(2) What words refer to water moving in a river?
flow, current, whirlpool
(3) What words refer to water washing away dirt?
erosion, erode, eroded, wash away, silt, silt up, deposit, settle
(4) What words refer to water draining out of something?
drain, bleed, discharge, draw off, empty, leak, ooze, strain, 
Pour
Use this domain for words referring to water coming out of something (such as a container), or causing water to come out of something.
(1) What words refer to water coming out of something?
pour, come out, flow, drip, leak, ooze, gush, spurt, squirt
(2) What words refer to pouring water out of a container?
pour, tip, sprinkle, empty, spill, decant
(3) What words refer to putting water on something?
water (v), add water, put water on, 
(4) What words refer to putting drops of water on something?
sprinkle (with water), splash (water on), spray (water on), drizzle, spatter, splatter, squirt, 
(5) What words refer to putting lots of water on something?
pour (out), empty (v), dump (out), douse, drench, pump, 
(6) What words refer to putting water on something accidentally?
spill
(7) What words refer to putting water into something?
inject, 
Drip
Use this domain for words referring to drops of water and what they do.
(1) What is a drop of water called?
drop (of water/blood), droplet, a drip
(2) What do drops of water do?
drip, drip on, fall to the ground, splash on, hit, splatter, sprinkle
(3) What is a steady dripping called?
dripping (of water), steady drip, drip-drip (of water)
Wave
Use this domain for words related to waves and what they do.
(1) What types of waves are there?
wave, ripple, swell, breaker, billow, surf, tidal wave, tsunami
(2) What are the parts of a wave?
crest, trough, curl, foam
(3) What words describe the movement of a wave?
surge, move, come roaring down on, race before the wind, wave pattern, violence of the waves, undertow, toss
(4) What do waves do when they hit the shore?
hit the shore, break on the shore/rocks, break against, break over, crash against, crash down on, lap against, wash against the shore, gentle wash of the waves
(5) What words describe a wave getting bigger?
swell, mount up, pile up, rise and fall, curl
(6) What do waves do to things?
wash up on shore, wash out to sea, wash away, erode, wear away, lift, rise and fall with the waves, rock
(7) What do people do with waves?
surf, surfboard, ride the waves, dive under
(8) What sounds do waves make?
crash, roar, thunder, thunderous roar, slap
Calm, rough
Use this domain for words describing the surface of water.
(1) What words describe the surface of the water when it is calm?
calm, becalmed, quiet, peaceful, tranquil, hardly a ripple, glassy, still, stagnant
(2) What words describe the surface of the water when it is rough?
rough (seas), storm-tossed (sea), raging (sea), seethe, choppy
(3) What words describe the flow of a river when it is slow?
slow moving, sluggish, smooth stretch, gentle stretch
(4) What words describe the flow of a river when it is fast?
fast-flowing, white-water (rapids), raging rapids, rough water
(5) What words refer to making water rough?
agitate, churn, stir, whip
Tide
Use this domain for words related to the tide.
(1) What words refer to the tide?
tide, rising tide, ebb tide, storm tide, high tide, low tide, the tide is in/out, neap tide
(2) What does the tide do?
rise, fall, ebb, come in, go out
(3) What words refer to the area along the shore that the tide covers?
tidal flat
Wet
Use this domain for words referring to when something has water on it or water has soaked into it.
(1) What words describe something that is wet?
wet, dank, watery, aqueous, sludgy, slush, slushy, sloppy, sweaty
(2) What words describe something that is very wet?
soaked, soaking wet, sopping wet, wringing wet, awash, dripping, sodden, soggy, saturated, waterlogged, be swimming in, drenched, doused
(3) What words describe something that is slightly wet?
moist, damp, a little wet, clammy, dewy
(4) What words describe the ground when it is wet?
muddy, boggy, marshy, swampy
(5) What words describe the air when there is water in it?
humid, moist, muggy, steamy, tropical
(6) What words describe plants when there is water in them?
green, juicy, succulent
(7) What words refer to something becoming wet?
get wet, get soaked, bedew
(8) What words refer to making something wet?
wet, get something wet, splash, anoint, dabble, daub, douse, spatter, spray, sprinkle
(9) What words refer to making something very wet?
soak, drench, saturate, flood, swamp, deluge
(10) What words refer to making something slightly wet?
dampen, moisten, lick
(11) What words refer to something soaking up water?
absorb, blot, daub, soak up, sponge, sop, mop up, wipe up
(12) What words describe something that can soak up water?
absorbent, porous
Dry
Use this domain for words describing something that is dry.
(1) What words describe something that is dry?
dry (adj), dry as a bone, bone-dry, arid, waterless, parched, dehydrated, desiccated, dried, evaporated, sere, withered
(2) What words describe the ground when it is dry?
dry, dusty, thirsty, 
(3) What words describe the air when there is no water in it?
drought
(4) What words refer to something becoming dry?
dry (v), dry out, dry up, shrivel, wither, evaporate, dehydrate, desiccate
(5) What words refer to making something dry?
dry something, sear, parch
(6) What words refer to removing water from something?
dry something off, remove water, drain, strain, wring out, squeeze out
(7) What tools are used to remove water from things?
sieve, press
Be in water
Use this domain for words referring to being in water or putting something in water.
(1) What words refer to being in water?
be in water
(2) What words refer to something floating on the surface of the water?
float, float down river, afloat
(3) What words refer to being under the water?
immersed, submerged, undersea, underwater, submarine, sunken, 
(4) What words refer to putting something in water?
dip, immerse, dunk, baptize, plunge, submerge, 
(5) What words refer to putting something like food in water for a long time?
soak, marinate, 
(6) What words refer to something falling or sinking into water?
fall, sink, settle, 
(7) What sound does something make when it falls into water?
splash, plop
Solutions of water
Use this domain for words referring to a mixture of water and a substance (such as salt or sugar) that dissolves in water.
(1) What words refer to mixing something with water?
solution, mix with water
(2) What words refer to a substance dissolving in water?
dissolve (in water), produce a solution
(3) What words refer to adding more water to a solution?
dilute, be diluted, add water, water down, thin
(4) What words refer to adding more of a substance to the solution?
concentrate, be concentrated, concentration, thick
(5) What words refer to adding air or a gas to water?
aerate, carbonated, carbonation
(6) What words refer to water flowing through something and dissolving something in it?
leach
Water quality
Use this domain for words describing the quality or condition of water.
(1) What words describe salt water versus fresh water?
freshwater, saltwater, seawater, saline solution, brackish
(2) What words describe water for drinking?
drinking water, potable
(3) What words describe clean water?
clean, clear, pure, crystal clear
(4) What words describe dirty water?
contaminated, dirty, muddy, silt-filled, murky, stagnant, scum
(5) What words are used of cleaning water?
to clean up, to filter, filter, filtered, strain, to boil, boiled water, let settle
(6) What words are used of polluting water?
to pollute, pollution, polluted, contaminate, dump sewage into
Living things
Use this domain for general words that relate to all living things.
(1) What words refer to all living things, including both plants and animals?
living things, life, all life, every living thing, everything that lives and breathes, plants and animals, organic matter
(2) What words refer to something that is alive?
living thing, life form, organism, 
(3) What words refer to being alive?
be alive, live
(4) What words describe something that is living?
living, alive, animate, organic
(5) What general words refer to the parts of all living things?
tissue, cell, membrane, DNA, gene, protoplasm
(6) What words refer to the study of life?
biology, biologist, life science, ecology, ecologist, natural history, naturalist
(7) What words refer to whether a plant or animal can be eaten?
edible, inedible
Dead things
Use this domain for words referring to dead things--things that were alive before, but aren't now.
(1) What words refer to dead things?
decay, remains, compost, carrion, 
(2) What words describe something that is dead?
dead, lifeless, 
(3) What words describe something that is not living and never has been?
inanimate, inorganic, 
(4) What words refer to a species dying out completely?
extinct, extinction, endangered species
(5) What words refer to plants and animals that do not exist today?
dinosaur, fossil, extinct
Spirits of things
Use this domain for words referring to the spirits of things.
(1) What words refer to the spirits of things?
spirit, animal spirits, 
(2) What words refer to talking to the spirits?
commune, 
(3) What words refer to worshiping spirits?
animism, animistic, 
(4) What words refer to things used to worship spirits?
amulet, fetish, 
Plant
Use this domain for general words for all plants. Use a book of pictures to identify plant names and the scientific name. Languages divide plants into various domains that are not always comparable from language to language. Criterial features may be characteristics (trees and bushes are distinguished by size and number of trunks) and use (grass and weeds are distinguished by their desirability). A common distinction is between trees and non-trees, with trees described as being big, woody, and having a life expectancy of several years, while non-trees are small, non-woody, and have a life expectancy of typically not more than one year (Heine, Bernd and Karsten Legere. 1995. Swahili plants. Rudiger Koppe Verlag: Koln.). Agricultural societies will divide plants into wild and cultivated. However most plants for which there are names have some use. Therefore it does not seem helpful to divide plant names into domains for useful and non-useful plants. Since only parts of plants are eaten, edible parts of plants are listed under the domain 'Food'. Some languages may have more domains than are used in this list, others may have fewer. The classification system used here does not agree entirely with the system used by botanists. For instance botanists do not classify all the tree species together. The palm trees belong to the class Monocotyledoneae and are classified with lilies, bananas, and orchids. Apple and cherry trees belong to the class Dicotyledoneae and are classified in the rose family along with roses and blackberries. The acacia tree also belongs to the class Dicotyledoneae and is classified in the pulse family along with lupines and beans. However most folk taxonomies bring all the trees together. The scientific classification system for plants and animals is taken from: Carruth, Gorton, ed. 1989. The Volume Library, Vols. 1 and 2. The Southwestern Company: Nashville.
(1) What words refer to all plants?
plant, flora, greenery, vegetation, herbage
(2) What words describe types of plants?
angiosperm, annual, aquatic, biennial, bracken, brake, creeper, deciduous, edible, flower, greens, herbaceous, hybrid, leafy, legume, luscious, parasite, perennial, plankton, pulse, sedge, succulent, tropical, vegetable, vine, weed, woody, wort
(3) What words are used to describe plants that grow wild?
wild, uncultivated
(4) What words refer to cultivated plants?
cultivated
(5) What words refer to a group of plants?
bale, bouquet, bracken, brush, bunch, canopy, clump, cluster, cover, covert, corsage, crop, culture, forest, greenery, grove, growth, hassock, haystack, herbage, jungle, kelp, nosegay, orchard, scrub, sheaf, shock, shrubbery, skein, spray, stand, sward, thicket, tuft, turf, tussock, underbrush, undergrowth, vegetation, verdure, vermin
(6) What words refer to the study of plants?
botany, botanist, herbalist
Tree
Use this domain for trees--flowering plants with roots, stems, and leaves, which are large and have a wooden trunk (Phylum Spermatophyta, Subdivision Angiospermae). Also include the evergreen trees (Phylum Spermatophyta, Subdivision Gymnospermae). Evergreen trees do not have flowers, but have cone like fruits (pinecones) that contain seeds. Their leaves are shaped like needles and are retained for over a year.
(1) What general words refer to trees?
tree, arboreal
(2) What words refer to general types of trees?
broadleaf, conifer, coniferous, cycad, deciduous, evergreen, fir, fruit tree, palm, pine, timber
(3) What types of trees are there?
acacia, alder, almond, apple, apricot, ash, aspen, avocado, azalea, balsa, balsam, banyan, bayberry, beech, betel nut, birch, blackberry, blueberry, box, boxwood, Brazil, breadfruit, broom, camellia, cashew, cassia, catalpa, cedar, cherry, chestnut, chinaberry, cinnamon, cinchona, citron, citrus, clove, coca, coconut, coffee, cornel, cottonwood, cranberry, currant, cypress, date, dogwood, ebony, elder, elm, eucalyptus, fig, fir, forsythia, gardenia, gingko, grapefruit, guava, gum, hawthorn, hazel, hazelnut, hemlock, henna, hickory, ironwood, juniper, jute, kumquat, laburnum, larch, laurel, lemon, lignum, lilac, lime, linden, litchi, locust, magnolia, mahogany, mango, mangrove, manzanita, maple, marihuana, marijuana, mesquite, mimosa, mistletoe, mulberry, myrtle, nutmeg, oak, oleander, olive, orange, papaw, papaya, persimmon, peach, pear, pecan, persimmon, pine, pistachio, plane, plum, poinciana, pomegranate, poplar, quince, redwood, rosewood, sandalwood, sapling, sassafras, satinwood, saxifrage, scrub, senna, sequoia, sisal, spruce, spurge, stinkwood, sumac, sycamore, tamarack, tamarind, tamarisk, tangerine, teak, walnut, upas, willow, yew, ylang-ylang
(4) What types of trees are used for decoration?
bonsai
(5) What words refer to a group of trees?
forest, woods, grove, stand
Bush, shrub
Use this domain for bushes and shrubs--plants that are smaller than trees and have several wooden trunks (Phylum Spermatophyta, Subdivision Angiospermae).
(1) What general words refer to bushes?
bush, bushy, shrub, hedge
(2) What types of bushes are there?
poinsettia, rose bush, bougainvillea
Grass, herb, vine
Use this domain for small plants that have roots, stems, flowers, and seeds, but do not have a wooden trunk (Phylum Spermatophyta, Subdivision Angiospermae). Also include the seedless plants, such as ferns (phylum Pteridophyta, class Felicineae), horsetails (phylum Pteridophyta, class Equisetineae), and club mosses (phylum Pteridophyta, class Lycopodineae). Plants of the Pteridophyta phylum have no flowers or seeds. Ferns have large, divided, feather-like leaves, or fronds. Club mosses are small (rarely over one meter) evergreen plants with simple leaves resembling pine or hemlock needles. Sometimes they grow upright, but often trail on the ground, where they propagate by means of runners. Horsetails send up tall, vertical, jointed stalks with branches covered with scale like leaves.
(1) What general words refer to small plants?
(no words in English)
(2) What general types of small plants are there?
herb, grass, vine, aquatic, bulb, bulbous, briar, brier, burr, cactus, cane, creeper, cultivated, fern, flowering, gourd, reed, sod, sprawling, thorny, weed, wild
(3) What types of plants are there?
absinthe, acacia, agave, anemone, arbutus, arrowhead, arrowroot, artemisia, arum, asparagus, aster, banana, bean, beet, begonia, belladonna, bellflower, bindweed, bluebell, broccoli, burdock, buttercup, cabbage, carnation, carrot, cassava, cattail, celery, chard, chickpea, chickweed, chive, chrysanthemum, clematis, collard, columbine, corn, cosmos, crocus, cucumber, cyclamen, daffodil, dahlia, daisy, dandelion, delphinium, dock, dogbane, duckweed, eggplant, endive, everlasting, figwort, fireweed, flax, flower, forget-me-not, fritillaria, fuchsia, garbanzo, garlic, gentian, geranium, gladiola, gladiolus, globeflower, goldenrod, glory, grapevine, greenbrier, groundsel, heather, hibiscus, hollyhock, hyacinth, honeysuckle, hop, holly, hyssop, indigo, iris, ivy, jasmine, jonquil, kale, knotweed, hydrangea, larkspur, lavender, leek, lespedeza, lettuce, liana, lily, lobelia, lotus, locoweed, lupine, maguey, mallow, manioc, marguerite, marigold, mayflower, mescal, mignonette, milkweed, monkshood, mustard, narcissus, nasturtium, nettle, okra, oleaster, onion, orchid, paintbrush, pansy, pea, peanut, pennycress, peony, pepper, periwinkle, petunia, pigweed, phlox, pimpernel, plantain, poinsettia, pokeweed, poppy, potato, primrose, radish, ragweed, ranunculus, rhododendron, rue, rutabaga, sagebrush, sandbur, seaweed, smilax, soybean, sedge, spinach, spiraea, spirea, squash, stinkweed, strawberry, strawflower, sundew, sunflower, thistle, tobacco, tomato, tulip, tumbleweed, turnip, vegetable, verbena, vervain, vetch, vine, viola, violet, wallflower, watermelon, william, wisteria, wormwood, yam, yucca
(4) What types of grass are there?
alfalfa, bamboo, barley, bluegrass, buckwheat, bulrush, burmuda grass, cane, cereal, clover, corn, crabgrass, elephant grass, foxtail, grass, horsetail, knotgrass, lemongrass, maize, millet, oat, reed, rye, sesame, shortgrass, sorghum, speargrass, sugarcane, weed, wheat
(5) What types of aromatic herbs are there?
amaryllis, angelica, anise, balm, basil, chamomile, cardamom, cassia, catnip, chamomile, chervil, chicory, cosmopolitan, cowpea, cress, cumin, dill, fennel, fenugreek, feverfew, foxglove, ginseng, henbane, herb, horehound, hyssop, licorice, lucerne, mandrake, marjoram, medicinal, mint, parsley, parsnip, peppermint, portulaca, purslane, rosemary, sage, savory, saxifrage, skunk, sorrel, spearmint, spikenard, tarragon, thyme, valerian, watercress, wintergreen, yarrow
(6) What types of vines are there?
grape vine, morning glory
(7) What types of reeds are there?
reed, papyrus, rush, cane, sugarcane, bamboo
(8) What types of plants have flowers?
rose, carnation, orchid, sunflower
(9) What types of plants have edible seeds?
legume, bean, pea, soybean, wheat, rice
(10) What plants have fruit?
grape, pineapple
(11) What types of berries are there?
berry, strawberry, raspberry, cranberry, blueberry
(12) What types of bananas are there?
banana, plantain, cooking banana
(13) What types of plants have edible roots?
potato, carrot, sweet potato, cassava, cocoyam, taro, yam, beets, ginger
(14) What plants are eaten by animals?
hay, alfalfa
(15) What plants are used for making fibers, cloth or rope?
cotton, sisal
(16) What species of ferns are there?
bracken, brake, fern, maidenhair
(17) What species of horsetails are there?
horsetail
(18) What species of club mosses are there?
club moss
Moss, fungus, algae
Use this domain for mosses (phylum Bryophyta, class Musci), liverworts (phylum Bryophyta, class Hepaticae), fungi (phylum Thallophyta, subdivision Fungi), algae (phylum Thallophyta, subdivision Algae), and lichens. These plants do not have true roots, stems, or leaves. The mosses are small, green, flowerless plants that grow in moist environments and look like velvety or feathery growths carpeting the ground, tree trunks, and rocks. The liverworts are similar to the mosses with a flat and branching growth pattern. The algae possess green chlorophyll. They vary from one-celled organisms, which sometimes live in colonies such as pond scum, to complex organisms such as seaweed. The fungi do not possess chlorophyll and feed off of other organic material. Lichens consist of a fungus and an algae growing together. They commonly grow on trunks of trees and rocks. Some are flat and leafy, and some are moss like.
(1) What general words refer to moss, fungus, and algae?
phytoplankton, plankton, scum
(2) What general words refer to moss?
moss
(3) What species of moss are there?

(4) What general words refer to liverworts?
liverwort
(5) What species of liverworts are there?
(6) What general words refer to algae?
algae, gulfweed, seaweed, wrack
(7) What species of algae are there?
diatom, sea lettuce, kelp, rockweed, Sargasso, sargassum
(8) What general words refer to fungi?
fungus, bacteria, mold, mildew, mushroom
(9) What species of fungi are there?
apple scab, bloom, bread mold, button mushroom, downy mildew, dry rot, morel, penicillium, puffball, rose mildew, rust fungi, slime mold, smut, toadstool, truffle, yeast
(10) What general words refer to lichen?
lichen
(11) What species of lichen are there?
reindeer moss
Parts of a plant
Use this domain for words that refer to parts of a plant. Start with general words that all plants have. Then think through each major type of plant. Finish by thinking of specific plants that are well known (usually cultivated crops) and that have words for specific parts (e.g. tassel on a corn/maize cob).
(1) What are the basic parts of all plants?
root, trunk, stalk, branch, stem, leaf
(2) What words refer to the roots?
root, tuber, tubercle, bulb, taproot, runner, root hairs, rootstock
(3) What words refer to the trunk?
trunk, stalk, reed, bole, woody, base
(4) What words refer to the branches?
branch, bough, limb, twig, stick, stem, fork
(5) What words refer to the leaves?
leaf, leafy, pine needle, fern, foliage, palm frond, stem, blade, vein
(6) What types of thorns are there?
thorn, spine, cactus needle, burr
(7) What words refer to the outside of a plant?
bark, burl, knot, hull, husk, shell, cork
(8) What is the inside of a plant called?
wood, rings, heartwood, pith, pulp, fiber
(9) What words refer to the seeds?
seed, acorn, bean, berry, cone, ear, grain, gourd, kernel, nut, pinecone, pod, rosehip, bran, chaff, cob, corncob, germ, head of grain, hull, husk, nutshell, pod, pit, rind, section, seedcase, shell, skin, stem, stone, whole(wheat)
(10) What words refer to the fruit?
fruit, peel, peeling, juice, pulp, pulpy, flesh, fleshy, core, skin, stem, seed
(11) What words refer to the flowers?
flower, bloom, blossom, petal, stamen, pistil, nectar, pollen, spear, spike
(12) What are the parts of a vine?
vine, runner, creeper
(13) What are the parts of grass?
stem, stalk, blade of grass, straw
(14) What are the parts of maize?
head, cob, husk, corn silk, kernel, tassel
(15) What are the parts of a banana plant?
stalk, leaf, flower, bunch, hand, finger
(16) What are the parts of a coconut tree?
trunk, frond, midrib, leaf, needle, nut, husk, shell, meat, milk
(17) What is new growth on a plant called?
shoot, sprout, bud, new growth, old growth
(18) What is a group of fruit called?
cluster of fruit, bunch of grapes, hand of bananas
(19) What liquids are produced by plants?
sap, resin, juice, milk
(20) What are the dead parts of plants called?
dead branches, dead wood, rot, dry rot, dead leaves, dry leaves
(21) What words are used of plants when they have been cut down?
log, stump, grass trimmings, compost, pile of leaves, straw, hay
Growth of plants
Use this domain for words related to the growth of plants.
(1) What words refer to the growth of plants?
grow, growth, branch out, put down roots, spread, develop, extend, flourish, spring, swell, thrive, photosynthesis
(2) What words refer to a seed beginning to grow?
germinate, sprout, spring up, seedling
(3) What words refer to a plant producing leaves?
bud, leaf out, produce leaves
(4) What words refer to a plant bearing seeds or fruit?
flower, blossom, bear fruit, produce fruit, fruitful, head, drop seeds, pollinate, yield
(5) What words refer to seeds and fruit being ripe?
green, unripe, immature, mature, mellow, ripen, ripe
(6) What words describe how plants grow?
spread, run (of vines), entwine, cling, trail
(7) What words refer to a plant dying?
wither, droop, fade, decay, rot, dry, die
(8) Where are dead plants put?
compost pile
Plant diseases
Use this domain for words related to plant diseases.
(1) What types of diseases occur in plants?
blight, wither
(2) What types of parasites live on plants?
mistletoe
(3) What words refer to plants dropping their fruit?
drop fruit
Animal
Use this domain for general words referring to animals.
(1) What general words refer to all animals?
animal, fauna, creature, critter, organism, wildlife
Types of animals
Use this domain for words describing types of animals. Use a book of pictures to identify each species and its scientific name. This section is organized according to the scientific, biological classification of animals. It may not correspond to the local classification of animals (folk taxonomy), which are often based on how people relate to animals (tame/wild, edible/work). Use this domain for words referring to large classes of animals that do not correspond to the scientific classification. For instance this would be the place for a word like 'flying animal', which includes birds, bats, and flying insects.
(1) What words refer to types of animals?
phylum, class, order, family, genus, species, chordate, vertebrate, invertebrate, crustacean, rodent, insect, arthropod, mollusk, echidna, protozoa, protozoan, protozoon, amebic, amoeba, bacteriophage, cold-blooded, warm-blooded, multicellular, single-celled, unicellular, microorganism, germ, virus, viral, purebred, hybrid, quadruped, biped, two-footed, four-footed, diurnal, nocturnal, beast, brute, vermin, varmint, albino
(2) What words refer to wild animals?
wild (animal), untamed, feral, wildlife, beast
(3) What words refer to tame animals?
tame (animal), tamed, domesticated, livestock, pet
(4) What words refer to the process of taming an animal?
tame, domesticate, break (a horse)
(5) What words refer to animals that eat certain things?
carnivore, carnivorous, meat eater, meat eating, predator, predatory, insectivore, insectivorous, herbivore, herbivorous, plant eating, omnivore, omnivorous, scavenger, parasite
(6) What words refer to whether or not an animal can be eaten?
edible, non-edible, clean, unclean, kosher
(7) What words refer to where an animal lives?
amphibian, aquatic, arboreal, barnyard, tropical
Mammal
Use this domain for general words referring to mammals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia).
(1) What general words refer to mammals?
mammal, mammalian, animal
Primate
Use this domain for primates (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Primates).
(1) What general words refer to primates?
primate, ape, monkey, anthropoid
(2) What species of primates are there?
baboon, capuchin, chimpanzee, colobus, gibbon, gorilla, langur, lemur, orangutan, macaque, mandrill, marmoset, rhesus, ringtail
Carnivore
Use this domain for carnivores--meat-eating animals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Carnivora).
(1) What general words refer to carnivores?
carnivore, meat eater, meat eating
(2) What animals are in the dog family?
dog, wolf, coyote, fox, jackal, wild-dog, dingo
(3) What animals are in the cat family?
cat, lion, lioness, leopard, leopardess, genet, wild-cat, bobcat, cheetah, tiger, tigress, lynx, wildcat, cougar, panther, puma, jaguar, jaguarundi, ocelot, caracal
(4) What animals are in the bear family?
bear, grizzly, koala, panda, polar bear
(5) What animals are in the weasel family?
weasel, ermine, ferret, marten, mink, otter, polecat, skunk, stoat
(6) What animals are in the sable family?
sable, wolverine
(7) What animals are in the civet cat family?
civet cat, mongoose
(8) What other carnivores are there?
hyena, raccoon, coon, 
Hoofed animals
Use this domain for even-toed hoofed animals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Artiodactyla), odd-toed hoofed animals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Perissodactyla), and elephants (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Proboscidea).
(1) What general words refer to hoofed animals?
ungulate, herbivore, clean animal, ruminant
(2) What species of two-toed hoofed animals are there?
cattle, cow, goat, sheep, alpaca, antelope, bighorn sheep, bison, buffalo, camel, carabao, caribou, chamois, deer, stag, buck, doe, dromedary, eland, elk, gazelle, gemsbok, giraffe, gnu, hart, hartebeest, ibex, kudu, llama, moose, musk ox, okapi, oryx, pronghorn, reindeer, roe, roebuck, sable antelope, sambar, springbok, steenbok, wildebeest, yak
(3) What species of four-toed hoofed animals are there?
pig, hog, warthog, peccary, javelina, hippopotamus
(4) What species of odd-toed hoofed animals are there?
horse, donkey, zebra, tapir, rhinoceros, elephant, pachyderm, onager
Rodent
Use this domain for rodents--gnawing animals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Rodentia), insect eating animals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Insectivora), rabbits (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Lagomorpha), and hyraxes (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Hyracoidea).
(1) What general words refer to rodents?
rodent
(2) What species of rodent are there?
rat, mouse, squirrel, chipmunk, marmot, beaver, porcupine, capybara, cavy, chinchilla, coypu, gerbil, gopher, hamster, lemming, muskrat, vole, woodchuck
(3) What species of insect eating animals are there?
mole, shrew, hedgehog
(4) What species of rabbit are there?
rabbit, cottontail, hare, pika
(5) What species of hyrax are there?
hyrax, coney, dassy
Marsupial
Use this domain for marsupials (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Marsupialia). Marsupials carry their young in a pouch.
(1) What general words refer to marsupials?
marsupial
(2) What species of marsupials are there?
opossum, possum, kangaroo, wallaby, Tasmanian devil, wombat
Anteater, aardvark
Use this domain for mammals with few or no teeth--anteaters (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Edentata), pangolins (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Pholidota), aardvarks (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Tubulidentata), and platypus--mammals that lay eggs (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Monotremata).
(1) What species of anteaters are there?
anteater, sloth, armadillo
(2) What species of pangolin are there?
pangolin, scaly anteater
(3) What words refer to the aardvark?
aardvark
(4) What species of mammals lay eggs?
duckbill platypus, spiny anteater
Sea mammal
Use this domain for mammals that live in the sea--whales and dolphins (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Cetacea), seals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Pinnipedia), and sea cows (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Sirenia).
(1) What general words refer to sea mammals?
cetacean, pinniped
(2) What species of whales and dolphins are there?
whale, sperm whale, killer whale, blue whale, right whale, dolphin, porpoise
(3) What species of seals are there?
seal, walrus, sea lion
(4) What species of sea cow are there?
sea cow, manatee
Bat
Use this domain for bats--flying mammals (phylum Chordata, class Mammalia, order Chiroptera).
(1) What general words refer to bats?
bat
(2) What types of bats are there?
fruit bat, vampire bat
Bird
Use this domain for birds (phylum Chordata, class Aves).
(1) What general words refer to birds?
bird, fowl, poultry
(2) What words refer to kinds of birds?
bird of prey, songbird, flightless bird, flying, water bird, arboreal, domesticated, insectivorous, migratory, nocturnal, oceanic, predator, raptor, seabird, songbird, shorebird, waterfowl
(3) What species of bird are there?
accipiter, accipitrine, anhinga, albatross, aquiline, auk, avocet, bittern, blackbird, blackcap, bluebird, blue jay, bobolink, bobwhite, booby, brant, bullfinch, bunting, bustard, buteo, buzzard, canary, caracara, cardinal, cassowary, catbird, chat, chickadee, chicken, cock, cockatoo, cormorant, condor, coot, crane, crepuscular, crow, cuckoo, curlew, cygnet, dove, drake, duck, duckling, dunlin, eagle, eaglet, egret, eider, emu, erne, falcon, fieldfare, finch, flamingo, flicker, flycatcher, fulmar, gallinule, gander, gannet, gnatcatcher, goatsucker, godwit, goldfinch, goose, goshawk, gosling, grackle, grebe, grouse, gull, gyrfalcon, hawk, hen, heron, hoopoe, hummingbird, ibis, jackdaw, jaeger, jay, junco, kea, kingbird, kingfisher, kite, kittiwake, kiwi, lapwing, lark, loon, lovebird, lyrebird, macaw, magpie, mallard, martin, merganser, mew, moa, mockingbird, myna, mynah, nighthawk, nightjar, nonpasserine, nuthatch, oriole, oscine, osprey, ostrich, owl, parakeet, passerine, parrot, partridge, peacock, peafowl, peahen, peewit, pelican, penguin, peregrine, petrel, pewee, pewit, phalarope, pheasant, pigeon, pintail, pipit, plover, ptarmigan, puffin, quail, quetzal, rail, ratite, raven, redbird, rhea, ricebird, ringdove, robin, rooster, rook, runner, sandpiper, sapsucker, scoter, seagull, shearwater, shelduck, siskin, skua, snipe, snowbird, sparrow, spoonbill, squab, starling, stilt, stork, swallow, swan, swift, tailorbird, tanager, teal, tern, thrasher, thrush, tit, titmouse, towhee, trumpeter, tumbler, turkey, turnstone, turtledove, vireo, vulture, vulturine, wading, warbler, waxwing, weaverbird, whistler, willet, woodcock, woodpecker, wren, yellowhammer, yellowlegs, yellowthroat
(4) What words describe birds?
long-necked, short-necked, long-winged, zygodactyl 
Reptile
Use this domain for general words referring to reptiles (phylum Chordata, class Reptilia).
(1) What general words refer to reptiles?
reptile, reptilian
Snake
Use this domain for words related to snakes.
(1) What general words refer to snakes?
snake, serpent
(2) What types of snakes are there?
constrictor, poisonous
(3) What species of snake are there?
rattlesnake, python, boa, anaconda, cobra, viper, mamba, sea snake, adder, anaconda, asp, boa, bushmaster, cobra, copperhead, cottonmouth, fer-de-lance, mamba, water moccasin, python, racer, rattler, rattlesnake, sidewinder, viper
Lizard
Use this domain for words related to lizards.
(1) What general words refer to lizards?
lizard
(2) What species of lizard are there?
chameleon, agama lizard, skink, gecko, monitor lizard, iguana
Turtle
Use this domain for words related to turtles.
(1) What general words refer to turtles?
turtle (water), tortoise (land)
(2) What species of turtles are there?
box turtle, leatherback, snapping turtle, Galapagos tortoise, terrapin
Crocodile
Use this domain for words referring to crocodiles.
(1) What species of crocodiles are there?
alligator, caiman, crocodile
Amphibian
Use this domain for amphibians (phylum Chordata, class Amphibia).
(1) What general words refer to amphibians?
frog (water), toad (land), amphibian
(2) What species of amphibians are there?
bullfrog, tree frog, horned toad, mud puppy, newt, salamander, eft
(3) What words refer to a baby amphibian?
tadpole
Fish
Use this domain for fish (phylum Chordata, class Osteichthyes).
(1) What general words refer to animals that live in the water?
fish, water animal, sea creature
(2) What species of freshwater fish are there?
trout, minnow, catfish, mudfish, perch
(3) What species of saltwater fish are there?
anchovy, barracuda, bass, blackfish, bonefish, bream, carp, cod, codfish, crappie, darter, flatfish, flounder, gar, garfish, garpike, goldfish, grouper, guppy, halibut, herring, lungfish, mackerel, marlin, pickerel, pike, piranha, pollack, pompano, sailfish, salmon, sardine, sea horse, shad, sole, spearfish, sturgeon, sucker, sunfish, swordfish, tarpon, tuna, turbot, whitefish, whiting, wrasse
(4) What words refer to the very small animals in the ocean?
plankton
(5) What words describe where a fish lives?
freshwater, saltwater, pelagic, marine, aquatic
(6) What words describe fish?
bony, finned, jawed, jawless, lobe-finned, poisonous, snouted
Shark, ray
Use this domain for sharks and rays--animals with cartilage instead of bones (phylum Chordata, class Chondrichthyes), and eels (phylum Chordata, class Cyclostomata).
(1) What types of sharks and rays are there?
shark, ray, stingray, skate, chimera
(2) What types of eels are there?
eel, electric eel, slime eel, hagfish, lamprey
(3) What words describe sharks and rays?
cartilaginous, ray-finned, soft finned
Insect
Use this domain for the names of insect species (phylum Arthropoda, class Insecta). Note that insects have six legs and spiders have eight legs. However some languages may not distinguish insects from spiders and may use other characteristics to sub-divide the Arthropods.
(1) What general words refer to insects?
insect, bug
(2) What species of insects are there?
ant, army ant, armyworm, bedbug, bee, beetle, bluebottle fly, botfly, bristletail, bumblebee, butterfly, carpenter bee, chigger, cicada, cockroach, cricket, daddy longlegs, damselfly, deerfly, dragonfly, dung beetle, earwig, firefly, flea, fly, glowworm, gnat, grasshopper, hawkmoth, hellgramite, honeybee, hornet, horsefly, housefly, inchworm, jigger, katydid, ladybug, leafhopper, lice, locust, long-horned beetle, louse, mantis, mayfly, midge, millipede, mite, monarch butterfly, mosquito, moth, mud wasp, nit, praying mantis, roach, sawfly, scarab, silkworm, silverfish, stinkbug, swallowtail, termite, tick, tsetse fly, tumblebug, walking stick, wasp, weevil, wiggler, wriggler
(3) What special kinds of workers exist within an insect colony?
queen (ant, bee), worker, drone (bee), soldier
(4) What words describe insects?
borer, carnivorous, cosmopolitan, crawling, creeping, diurnal, dauber, flying, hopper, hopping, insectile, larva, larval, nocturnal, pest, predacious, predator, pupa, queen, segmented, stinging, two-winged, venomous, winged, wingless
Spider
Use this domain for spiders (phylum Arthropoda, class Arachnida). Note that insects have six legs and spiders have eight legs. However some languages may not distinguish insects from spiders and may use other characteristics to sub-divide the Arthropods.
(1) What general words refer to spiders?
spider, arachnid
(2) What species of spiders are there?
black widow, brown recluse, tarantula, wolf spider, scorpion, tick, mite
(3) What words refer to spider webs?
spider web, cobweb, web, spin, silk
Small animals
Use this domain for the names of worms, animals with shells, and other animals that do not fit into any of the other categories.
(1) What general words refer to small animals such as worms?
worm, shellfish
(2) What words refer to one-celled animals (phylum Protozoa)?
bacteria, germ, virus
(3) What words refer to sponges? (phylum Porifera)?
sponge
(4) What words refer to water animals with tentacles (phylum Coelenterata)?
coral, sea anemone, Portuguese man-of-war, jellyfish, hydra, medusa
(5) What words refer to flatworms (phylum Platyhelminthes)?
flatworm, liver fluke, intestinal worm, tapeworm
(6) What words refer to roundworms (phylum Nematoda)?
roundworm, hookworm, pinworm
(7) What words refer to rotifers (phylum Rotifera)?
rotifer
(8) What words refer to mollusks (phylum Mollusca)?
mollusk, snail, slug, abalone, oyster, scallop, mussel, clam, nautilus, cuttlefish, octopus, squid, conch
(9) What words refer to segmented worms (phylum Annelida)?
segmented worm, earthworm, leech
(10) What words refer to walking worms (phylum Onychophora)?
velvet worm, walking worm
(11) What words refer to crustaceans (phylum Arthropoda, class Crustacea)?
crustacean, shrimp, barnacle, pill bug, lobster, crab, crawfish, crayfish
(12) What words refer to centipedes--animals with a body with many segments and two legs on each segment (phylum Arthropoda, class Chilopoda)?
centipede
(13) What words refer to millipedes--animals with a body with many segments and four legs on each segment (phylum Arthropoda, class Diplopoda)?
millipede
(14) What words refer to horseshoe crabs (phylum Arthropoda, class Merostomata)?
horseshoe crab
(15) What words refer to brachiopods--animals with two shells and two arms (phylum Brachiopoda)?
brachiopod, lampshell
(16) What words refer to animals with spiny skins (phylum Echinodermata)?
echinoderm, sea cucumber, sea urchin, sand dollar, sea star, starfish, brittle star
(17) What words refer to arrow worms (phylum Chaetognatha)?
arrow worm
Parts of an animal
Use this domain for the parts of animals, especially those of mammals.
(1) What general words refer to the parts of an animal?
animal body parts
(2) What are the parts of the head?
head, ear, eye, nose, muzzle, maw, snout, trunk (of an elephant), proboscis, mouth, tooth, fang , tusk, tongue, neck, horn, antler, dewlap, 
(3) What are the parts of the torso?
chest, back, belly, rump, croup, tail, switch, udder, flank, brisket, teat, hindquarters, 
(4) What are the parts of the legs?
foreleg, forefoot, forepaw, forelimb, hind leg, hind limb, hoof, paw, claw, hock, fetlock, haunch, pastern, shank, stifle, 
(5) What are the parts of the skin and hair?
fur, wool, fleece, forelock, mane, hide, skin, meat, pelt, whisker, sheepskin, goatskin, leather, 
(6) What are the internal parts of an animal?
skull, second stomach (for cows, goats, sheep), spinal cord, lung, heart, small intestine, large intestine, liver, gall bladder, pancreas, kidney
(7) What are the parts of sea mammals?
whale flukes, flipper, blubber, baleen, blow hole, 
Parts of a bird
Use this domain for the parts of a bird, but not general parts that belong to all animals.
(1) What are the parts of a bird?
feather, feathered, plumage, plume, quill, down, wing, winged, wing tip, beak, bill, cockscomb (rooster's red crest), wattles (rooster's red flap of skin under beak), crop, gizzard, claw, talon, egg, eggshell, egg tooth, craw, gullet, spur, 
Parts of a reptile
Use this domain for the parts of a reptile.
(1) What are the parts of reptiles?
scale, snakeskin, fang, rattle (of rattlesnake), coil, egg tooth, 
(2) What are the parts of a turtle?
shell
(3) What words refer to a snake's poison?
venom, venomous, poison, poisonous
Parts of a fish
Use this domain for the parts of a fish.
(1) What are the parts of fish?
scale, scaly, fin, tail fin, dorsal fin, gill, guts, slime, slimy, fishy smell
Parts of an insect
Use this domain for the parts of an insect.
(1) What are the parts of insects?
head, abdomen, thorax, carapace, exoskeleton, wing, horn, stinger, sting, segment, antenna, feeler, forewing, proboscis, compound eye, spinneret, 
Parts of small animals
Use this domain for the parts of small animals.
(1) What are the parts of shellfish?
shell, mother of pearl, mantle, foot, swimmeret, 
(2) What are the parts of worms?
segment
(3) What are the parts of an octopus or squid?
tentacle, sucker, appendage, 
Animal life cycle
Use this domain for words related to the life cycle of an animal.
(1) What words refer to an animal giving birth?
give birth, embryo, multiply, propagate, reproduce, calve, calving, drop, kid, lambing, lay, spawn, spawning grounds, whelp
(2) What words refer to a young animal?
young, puppy, cub, foal, kid, kitten, lamb, litter, chick, brood, fledgling, larva, roe
(3) What words refer to the sexual behavior of animals?
mate, harem, breed
(4) What words refer to the life cycle of insects?
cocoon, chrysalis, pupa, pupal stage, maggot, grub, larva, larval, caterpillar, nymph
(5) What words refer to animals such as snakes, birds, and insects shedding their skin?
shed (skin), molt (feathers)
(6) What words refer to animals growing fur, feathers, or new skin?
molt, shed, down, fledge, 
Egg
Use this domain for words related to eggs.
(1) What words refer to an egg?
egg
(2) What types of eggs are there?
bird egg, reptile egg, insect egg
(3) What are the parts of an egg?
shell, eggshell, yoke, white, membrane, embryo
(4) What is a baby bird called?
chick, baby bird, hatchling
(5) What do birds do to eggs?
lay, sit on, incubate, roust, turn, fertilize
(6) Where do birds lay their eggs?
nest
(7) What is a group of eggs called?
clutch
(8) How do baby birds get out of their egg?
hatch, peck its way out of the egg
(9) What words are used for opening an egg?
crack, break, smash
(10) What words are used to describe a bad egg?
rotten, cracked, broken
Animal actions
Use this domain for actions of animals.
(1) What words refer to the ability of an animal to do something without learning it?
instinct, instinctive
(2) What words refer to animals hunting?
hunt, stalk, prey
(3) What words refer to animals sleeping during the winter?
hibernate
(4) What do birds do?
roost, (hen) gathers chicks
(5) What do snakes do?
strike, coil, crush (prey), sun (themselves), venom, 
(6) What do fish do?
spawn, lay eggs
(7) What do insects do?
sting, collect nectar
Animal movement
Use this domain for ways in which animals move. Only include words specific for the movement of animals. For the movement of people use the domains under Movement. It is necessary to think through how each type of animal moves, especially the important ones.
(1) How do mammals move?
gallop, trot, hop, crawl, fly, soar
(2) How do cows move?
walk, trot, wander, lie down, charge
(3) How do dogs move?
trot, run, wag its tail
(4) How do horses move?
run, gallop, trot, canter, buck, kick, race, charge
(5) How do lions move?
walk, stalk, charge, run down, prowl
(6) How do whales move?
breach
(7) How do birds move?
fly, flutter, soar, dive, swoop, bank, turn, (hummingbird) hover, hop, roost, hang in the air, ride the wind, alight, land
(8) How do snakes move?
slither, glide
(9) How do fish move?
swim, leap
(10) How do insects move?
fly, hover, dive-bomb, crawl
(11) How do worms move?
crawl, inch along, creep
(12) What words refer to the annual migration of animals?
migrate, migration, fly south
(13) What words refer to animals moving in a group?
herd (v), flock (v), swarm (v), herd instinct, fly in formation, move as a herd, 
(14) What words refer to animal tracks?
track, 
Animal eating
Use this domain for words referring to animals eating. Because animals often eat in very different ways from people, many languages will have words that are specific to the way an animal eats.
(1) How do mammals eat?
graze, feed, chew the cud
(2) How do carnivores eat?
devour, gorge, tear (prey)
(3) How do birds eat?
peck, 
(4) How do snakes eat?
swallow
(5) How do insects eat?
suck blood, bloodsucking, chew (holes in leaves)
Animal sounds
Use this domain for the sounds animals make. It is necessary to think through the sounds each type of animal makes, especially the important ones.
(1) What general words refer to the sounds of animals?
cry, call, scream, 
(2) What sounds do cows make?
moo, low, bellow, snort
(3) What sounds do horses make?
neigh, whinny, bray (donkey), 
(4) What sounds do sheep make?
baa, bleat
(5) What sounds do pigs make?
grunt, snort, squeal, 
(6) What sounds do dogs make?
bark, bay, howl, yap, growl, snap, snarl, whimper, whine, woof woof, yelp, yowl, 
(7) What sounds do cats make?
meow, mew, caterwaul, hiss, purr
(8) What sounds do lions make?
roar
(9) What sounds do mice make?
squeak, 
(10) What sounds do birds make?
sing, song, cry, call, birdcall, birdsong, caw (crow), chatter, cheep, chirp, coo (dove), gaggle, gobble (turkey), honk (goose), hoot (owl), peep, quack (duck), screech, squawk, trill, trumpet, tweet, twitter, warble, whir, whistle, 
(11) What sounds do chickens make?
cackle, cluck, crow, cockle doodle doo
(12) What sounds do snakes make?
hiss, rattle
(13) What noises do frogs make?
croak, rivet
(14) What sounds do crocodiles make?
(15) What sounds do fish make?
splash
(16) What sounds do insects make?
buzz, chirp, chirr, drone, whine, gnaw
Animal home
Use this domain for animal homes. It is necessary to think through the homes of each type of animal, especially the important ones.
(1) What general words refer to where an animal lives?
habitat, the wild
(2) Where do mammals live?
den, hole, burrow, molehill
(3) What other places do mammals use?
wallow, hunting grounds, watering hole, pasture, range, trail
(4) Where do birds live?
nest, birds nest, perch, range
(5) Where do snakes live?
snake pit, den of vipers, snake hole
(6) Where do fish live (other than water, lake, and ocean)?
spawning grounds
(7) Where do insects live?
anthill, ants nest, termite mound, termite hill, hive, beehive, bee's wax, honeycomb, spider web, cocoon, trail (of ants)
(8) Where do spiders live?
spider web, cobweb
(9) Where do worms live?
wormhole
Animal group
Use this domain for words referring to groups of animals.
(1) What words refer to a group of mammals?
herd (of cattle), drove (of cattle), kennel (of dogs), pack (of dogs), pride (of lions), pod (of whales)
(2) What words refer to a group of birds?
flock (of birds), bevy, colony, covey, flight, flock, gaggle
(3) What words refer to a group of fish?
school (of fish), shoal
(4) What is a group of insects called?
swarm (of insects), plague of locusts
(5) What is a group of small animals called?
culture
(6) What words refer to the leader of a group of animals?
alpha male
(7) What words refer to the followers in a group of animals?
harem
(8) What words refer to a group of baby animals?
brood, clutch (of eggs), kit, litter (of kittens), farrow (of pigs)
(9) What other words relate to groups of animals?
herd instinct
Male and female animals
Use this domain for words referring to male and female animals. Most languages have special words for the male and female of a species only for domesticated animals. Sometimes there will be a word for the male and not the female, and vice versa (male dog, bitch). Sometimes the word for one is also used generically
(cow for both female and generic).
(1) What words refer to a male or female animal?
male, female, bitch, tom, tomcat, bull, bullock, cow, heifer, ram, ewe, billy goat, nanny goat, boar, sow, stallion, mare, filly, stag, buck, hart, doe, vixen, lioness, tigress, bull elephant, rooster, cock, hen, drake, peacock, peahen
Nature, environment
Use this domain for words referring to nature and the environment--the world around us. Include words that refer to how people damage or protect nature.
(1) What words refer to the world around us?
world, nature, environment, environmental
(2) What words refer to damaging the environment?
pollute, pollution, pollutant, acid rain, smog, deforestation, global warming, greenhouse effect
(3) What words refer to protecting the environment?
conserve, conservation, recycle, biodegradable
(4) What words refer to the study of the environment?
ecology
(5) What words refer to a person who studies or tries to protect the environment?
environmentalist, conservationist, ecologist, Green Party
Natural
Use this domain for words describing something that is natural--something in the world around us, as opposed to something that has been made or changed by people.
(1) What words describe something that is natural?
natural, naturally, wild (animals, country), raw (materials), virgin (forest), untamed, organic
Person
Use this domain for general words for a person or all mankind.
(1) What words refer to a single member of the human race?
person, human being, man, individual, figure
(2) What words refer to a person when you aren't sure who the person is?
someone, somebody
(3) What words refer to more than one person?
people, folks, population, the public, populace, 
(4) What words refer to the entire human race?
man, men, mankind, the human race, humanity, humankind, 
(5) What words describe something characteristic of all people?
human (adj), human nature
(6) What words describe something characteristic of one person?
personal, personally, 
(7) What words refer to no person?
no one, nobody
Body
Use this domain for general words for the whole human body, and general words for any part of the body. Use a drawing or photo to label each part. Some words may be more general than others are and include some of the other words. For instance 'head' is more general than 'face' or 'nose'. Be sure that both general and specific parts are labeled.
(1) What words refer to the body?
body, 
(2) What words refer to the shape of a person's body?
build, figure, physique, 
(3) What general words refer to a part of the body?
part of the body, body part, anatomy, appendage, member, orifice, 
(4) What words describe something about your body?
physical, physically, bodily, 
(5) What words refer to cells?
cell, cellular, chromosome, protoplasm, 
Head
Use this domain for the parts of the head.
(1) What words refer to the head?
head
feature, scalp, back of the head, chin, temple, poll, skull, brain, 
(3) What are the parts of the face?
face, forehead, cheek, chin, cleft (in chin), dimple (in cheek), jaw, 
(4) What are the parts of the neck?
neck, nape (back of the neck), throat, Adam's apple, wrinkle, fold in skin of neck
(5) What words describe the parts of a person's face?
facial, thin (face), high (forehead), thick (eyebrows), long (eyelashes), beady (eyes), stubby (nose), fleshy (cheeks), narrow (mouth), double chin
Eye
Use this domain for words related to the eye.
(1) What words refer to an eye?
eye, 
(2) What are the parts of the eye?
eyebrow, brow, eyelash, lash, eyelid, lid, pupil, cornea, iris, white, eyeball, ball of the eye, corner of the eye, tear duct, retina, eye socket, 
(3) What words describe a person's eyes?
bloodshot, bleary, bleary-eyed, beady eyes, thick (eyebrows), long (eyelashes), blue-eyed, cross-eyed, 
(4) What do the eyes do?
see, cry, water, 
(5) What words refer to the eyes moving?
look cross-eyed, roll, flicker, raise, lower, glaze, 
(6) What words refer to the eyelids moving?
blink, wink, close, open, squint, open wide (in amazement), bat (eyelids), flutter, 
(7) What do people do to their eyes?
rub (your eyes), cover (your eyes)
(8) What do the eyes produce?
tears, 
(9) What words refer to the material that collects in the corner of the eyes while sleeping?
sleep, sand, matter
(10) What words refer to the pupil of the eye getting bigger or smaller?
dilate
(11) What words describe something to do with the eyes?
optic, retinal, 
Ear
Use this domain for words related to the ear.
(1) What words refer to an ear?
ear, 
(2) What are the parts of the ear?
earlobe, lobe, inner ear, eardrum, tympanum, Eustachian tube, auditory nerve, canal, cochlea, 
(3) What words describe a person's ears?
stick out, 
(4) What do the ears do?
hear,
(5) What words refer to the ears moving?
wiggle, 
(6) What do people do to their ears?
scratch, pick (your ear), clean, cup (put hand behind to help hearing), pierce (for earrings), 
(7) What do people do to their ears so they won't hear something?
plug your ears, cover your ears, stuff cotton in your ears, stick your fingers in your ears, earplugs
(8) What do the ears produce?
wax, earwax, 
(9) What do people use to clean their ears?
Q-tip
(10) What words describe something to do with the ears?
aural, 
Nose
Use this domain for words related to the nose.
(1) What words refer to the nose?
nose, 
(2) What are the parts of the nose?
nostril, bridge, septum, sinus, nasal passage, mucous membrane, 
(3) What words describe a person's nose?
pointed, flat, turned-up, snub-nosed, stubby, wide, long, upturned, hooked, aquiline,
(4) What does the nose do?
smell, breathe, 
(5) What words describe the way air moves through the nose?
sneeze, sniff, sniffle, snort, snuffle, wheeze
(6) What words refer to the nose moving?
nostrils flare, wrinkle your nose, 
(7) What do people do to their nose?
hold your nose, pierce (the septum), put a ring in (the nose)
(8) What words describe something to do with the nose?
nasal, 
Mouth
Use this domain for words related to the mouth. Do not use this domain for words referring to eating, drinking, or speaking.
(1) What words refer to the mouth?
mouth, 
(2) What are the parts of the mouth?
lip, tongue, tooth, gum, uvula, palate, alveolar ridge, mouth cavity, roof, velum, throat, 
(3) What words describe a person's mouth?
narrow, curved, thin lips, thick lips, 
(4) What do people do with their mouth?
breathe, talk, eat, taste, clear your throat, suck, blow, kiss, gag, 
(5) What words refer to moving the mouth?
open, close, smile, purse your lips, 
(6) What words refer to yawning?
yawn, yawn (n), 
(7) What words refer to vomiting?
vomit (v), vomit (n), regurgitate, disgorge, heave, retch, throw up, 
(8) What do people do with their tongue?
lick, lick your lips, stick your tongue out, click your tongue, bite your tongue, 
(9) What do people do to their mouth?
wipe, cover, gag someone, 
(10) What words describe something to do with the mouth?
oral, orally, labial, palatal, velar, 
Tooth
Use this domain for words related to the teeth.
(1) What words refer to a tooth?
tooth, incisor, canine tooth, molar, wisdom tooth, milk tooth, baby tooth, 
(2) What are the parts of a tooth?
enamel, root, crown, ivory, 
(3) What words describe a person's teeth?
even, crooked, decayed, white, yellow, 
(4) What do the teeth do?
bite, chew, 
(5) What words refer to moving the teeth against each other?
grind, gnash, 
(6) What do people do to their teeth?
pick, 
(7) What words describe something to do with the teeth?
dental, 
Torso
Use this domain for the parts of the torso.
(1) What words refer to the torso?
body, trunk, torso, abdomen, abdominal, 
(2) What are the parts of the torso?
shoulder, chest, breast, bust, nipple, teat, bosom, stomach, belly, tummy, navel, belly button, back, lower back, rear end, buttock, bottom, behind, side, waist, middle, hip, girdle, groin, hollow part of hip, anus, lumbar, midriff, pectoral, pubis, thorax, thoracic, 
Limb
Use this domain for words referring to a limb--either an arm or a leg.
(1) What words refer to a limb?
limb, extremity, arms and legs
Arm
Use this domain for the parts of the arm.
(1) What words refer to the arm?
arm
(2) What are the parts of the arm?
shoulder, armpit, upper arm, elbow, funny bone (nerve in elbow), forearm, lower arm, wrist, 
(3) What words refer to the hand?
hand, right hand, left hand, heel of hand, palm, back of hand
(4) What words refer to a part of an arm when it is in a particular position?
crook (of the arm when it is bent), fist, 
Leg
Use this domain for the parts of the leg and foot.
(1) What general words refer to the entire leg?
leg
(2) What are the parts of the leg?
upper leg, groin, thigh, knee, kneecap, lower leg, calf, shin, ankle, 'wing', foot, heel, sole, ball of foot, the outside part of foot, instep, arch, shank, 
(3) What words refer to a part of a leg when it is in a particular position?
lap, 
(4) What words describe a person's legs?
pigeon toed, knock-kneed, bow-legged, flat-footed, 
Finger, toe
Use this domain for words related to the fingers and toes.
(1) What general words refer to the fingers and toes?
finger, toe, digit, 
(2) What are the names of each finger?
thumb, index finger, forefinger, middle finger, ring finger, little finger
(3) What are the names of each toe?
big toe, first toe, middle toe, third toe, little toe
(4) What words refer to the parts of a finger or toe?
knuckle, fingertip, fingerprint, 
(5) What words refer to a fingernail or toenail?
nail, fingernail, toenail
(6) What are the parts of a fingernail?
cuticle, root
Skin
Use this domain for words related to the skin.
(1) What general words refer to the skin?
skin, hide, dermis, epidermal, epidermis, pore
(2) What words refer to thick skin?
callus, calloused, 
(3) What words refer to a line in the skin?
line, wrinkle, fold, crease, 
(4) What words refer to spots on a person's skin?
spot, freckle, birthmark, wart, corn, mole, blemish, blotch, scar, 
(5) What words refer to small sores in the skin?
pimple, acne, zit, whitehead, blackhead, 
(6) What words refer to the color of a person's skin?
skin color, coloring, complexion, pigment, 
(7) What words describe the color of a person's skin?
flesh (colored), white, black, blotchy, red, bloom, blush, fair, dark, florid, glowing, sanguine, swarthy, albino, 
(8) What words describe the color of a person's skin when they are sick or afraid?
pale, anemic, ashen, bloodless, cadaverous, deathly, flushed, ghastly, lurid, pallid, pallor, pale-faced, pale as death, pale as a ghost, pasty, sallow, wan, white as a sheet, go white, turn blue, 
(9) What words describe the condition of a person's skin?
skin condition, clear, oily, dry, cracked, loose, smooth, soft, rough, flake, scale, peel, scarred, 
(10) What words describe your skin when you have been in the sun?
sunburn, tan, tanned, suntan, burn, blister, 
(11) What words refer to the small bumps on your skin when you are cold, ill, or frightened?
goose flesh, goose pimples, goose bumps, 
Hair
Use this domain for words related to hair.
(1) What words refer to hair?
hair, 
(2) What word refer to one hair?
strand
(3) What are the parts of a hair?
follicle, root, end, split end
(4) What words refer to hair on different parts of the body?
head hair, forelock, body hair, pubic hair
(5) What words refer to hair on the face?
beard, mustache, whiskers, sideburns, goatee, facial hair, peach fuzz
(6) What words describe types of hair?
kinky, curl, curly, wavy, straight, coarse, fine, thick, thin, 
(7) What words describe the color of hair?
blond, red, auburn, chestnut, fair, dark, grizzled, mousy, ginger, sandy, 
(8) What words describe someone who has hair of a particular color?
blonde, brunette, redhead, towhead, redheaded, fair-haired, dark-haired, black-haired, grey-haired, 
(9) What words describe the direction hair grows on the head?
cowlick, crown
(10) What words describe someone who has lots of hair?
hairy, bearded, bushy, 
(11) What words describe a man who has lost his hair?
bald, bald spot, thinning hair, receding hairline
(12) What words refer to dirt in the hair?
dandruff, dander, 
Bone, joint
Use this domain for words related to the bones and joints.
(1) What general words refer to a bone?
bone, bony, 
(2) What words refer to the entire set of bones?
skeleton, skeletal
(3) What words refer to specific bones?
skull, jawbone, shoulder blade, collarbone, clavicle, backbone, rib, hip, tibia, tailbone, carpal, carpus, cranium, femur, fibula, humerus, mandible, mandibular, maxillary, metacarpus, metacarpal, metatarsus, metatarsal, parietal bone, pelvis, pelvic, radius, shinbone, spine, sternum, tarsus, ulna, vertebra, vertebral, 
(4) What are the parts of a bone?
marrow
(5) What words refer to a joint between two bones?
joint, knuckle (of finger), elbow, knee, hip, coronal suture, 
(6) What are the parts of a joint?
cartilage, tendon, fluid sack, socket, ball
(7) What words refer to the sounds made by popping the knuckles?
to crack (your knuckles), pop
Flesh
Use this domain for words related to the soft tissue of the body.
(1) What general words refer to the soft tissue?
flesh, fleshy, tissue, soft tissue
(2) What types of soft tissue are there?
connective tissue, fat, cartilage, gland, lymph gland, membrane, fiber, sheath, vesicle, 
(3) What words refer to the muscles?
muscle, meat, muscular, biceps, triceps, extensor, retractor, gluteus, smooth muscle, sphincter, striated muscle, 
(4) What words describe someone's flesh or muscles?
muscular, firm, flabby, fleshy, 
(5) What words refer to the tendons?
tendon, ligament, sinew, hamstring
Internal organs
Use this domain for words referring to the internal organs.
(1) What general words refer to the internal organs?
organ, internal organ, gut, gland, system, systemic, vascular system, vas, cortex, sac, 
(2) What are the names of each of the internal organs?
liver, hepatic, appendix, gall bladder, pancreas, pancreatic, spleen, lymphatic, lymph node, peritoneum, 
(3) What are the parts of the lungs?
lung, pulmonary system, lobe, sack, diaphragm, respiratory system, 
(4) What are the parts of the intestines?
intestine, intestinal tract, gut, bowel, small intestine, large intestine, colon, transverse colon, rectum, anus
(5) What are the parts of the kidneys and bladder?
kidney, bladder, urethra, ureter, urinary, nephritic, renal, 
(6) What words refer to the glands?
adrenal, endocrine, pituitary, thyroid, thymus, sweat gland, salivary gland, mammary gland, hormone, hormonal, 
(7) What are the parts of the throat?
throat, trachea, esophagus, Adam's apple, bronchus, bronchial, windpipe, pharyngeal, pharynx, gullet, epiglottis, glottal, glottis, laryngeal, larynx, 
(8) What are the parts of the nervous system?
brain, spinal column, spinal cord, nerve, nervous, nerve ending, synapse, synaptic, cerebellum, cerebrum, ganglion, hypothalamus, neural, neuron, 
Heart
Use this domain for functions of the heart and blood veins.
(1) What are the parts of the heart?
heart, chamber, atrium, ventricle, valve, cardiac, 
(2) What are the parts of the blood vessels?
circulatory system, blood vessel, aorta, vein, venous, artery, arterial, capillary, jugular, pericardium, pericardial, 
(3) What words refer to the heart beating?
beat (v), thump, throb, 
(4) What words refer to the heart beating quickly?
pound, race, rapid heart beat, 
(5) What words refer to the heart beating in a bad way?
heart murmur, irregular heart beat, skip a beat, 
(6) What words refer to the heartbeat?
beat (n), heartbeat, pulse, rhythm, 
(7) What words refer to listening to the heart beating?
take someone's pulse, listen to someone's heartbeat, feel for a pulse, 
(8) What words refer to the heart moving blood?
pump, 
(9) What words refer to blood moving through the veins?
flow, circulate, blood pressure, 
(10) What words refer to the heart stopping?
stop beating, heart attack, 
Stomach
Use this domain for words referring to the stomach and to the normal functions of the stomach. Do not use this domain for stomach illness.
(1) What are the parts of the stomach?
stomach, tummy, digestive tract, lining, 
(2) What does the stomach do?
digest (food), digestion, burp, hunger, be empty, be full, distend, fill with gas
(3) What noises does the stomach make?
rumble, grumble, gurgle
(4) What words refer to the contents of the stomach?
contents (of the stomach), undigested food, acid, digestive juices, gas, 
(5) What words describe something to do with the stomach?
gastric, gastrointestinal, abdominal, 
Male organs
Use this domain for words related to the male reproductive organs.
(1) What general words refer to the reproductive organs?
reproductive organs, sexual organs, genitals, gonad, pubes, privates, 
(2) What words refer to the male organs?
penis, scrotum, testicle, testis, foreskin, loins
(3) What do the male organs do?
swell, enlarge, erect, erection, ejaculate, ejaculation, 
(4) What words refer to the liquid produced?
semen, sperm, seminal, 
(5) What words describe something to do with the male organs?
reproductive, genital, sexual, 
Female organs
Use this domain for words related to the female reproductive organs and a woman's monthly menstrual cycle. Some of these terms may be taboo. Care must be exercised in which terms are included in the dictionary. A group of women should decide which terms are 'public' and can go in the dictionary, and which would be considered taboo, overly crude, or embarrassing. For example some societies have been afraid that their women will be taken advantage of if these terms are known.
(1) What words refer to the female organs?
breast, nipple, vagina, clitoris, uterus, womb, ovary, egg, vulva, labia majora, labia minora, vestibule, genitals, private parts, 
(2) What words refer to a woman's monthly menstrual cycle?
menstrual cycle
(3) What words refer to the time of bleeding?
menstruate, period, having (your) period, time of month, menstruation, 
(4) What words refer to the discharge?
menses, 
(5) What materials are used by women to absorb the discharge?
sanitary towel, sanitary napkin, tampon, pad, menstrual cloth, 
(6) What words describe something to do with the female organs?
reproductive, genital, sexual, vaginal, menstrual, 
(7) What words refer to the time in a woman's life when she stops menstruating?
menopause, 
Body functions
Use this domain for the functions and actions of the whole body. Use the subdomains in this section  for functions, actions, secretions, and products of various parts of the body. In each domain include any special words that are used of animals.
(1) What general words refer to the functions of the body?
function
(2) What general words refer to secretions of the body?
secrete, secretion, excrete, excretion, product, fluid, body fluids, discharge, flux, 
(3) What words refer to bile?
bile, gall (fluid from the liver stored in the gall bladder)
Breathe, breath
Use this domain for words related to breathing.
(1) What words refer to breathing?
breathe, rise and fall (of the chest), 
(2) What words refer to the process of breathing?
breathing, breath, respiration, 
(3) What words refer to breathing in?
breathe in, take a breath, inhale, gasp, draw breath, whiff, 
(4) What words refer to breathing out?
breathe out, exhale, blow, 
(5) What words refer to making noise when you breathe?
sniff, snore, snort, sigh, hiss, sniffle, snuffle, hiccup, 
(6) What words refer to breathing quickly?
breathe hard, pant, huff and puff, gulp, 
(7) What words refer to breathing quickly or with difficulty because of running or working hard?
breathless, out of breath, draw breath, 
(8) What words refer to breathing with difficulty?
gasp, wheeze, short of breath, 
(9) What words refer to breathing normally after running or working hard?
get your breath back, 
(10) What words refer to stopping yourself from breathing?
hold your breath, 
(11) What words refer to being unable to breathe?
can't breathe, choke, suffocate, 
(12) What words refer to stopping breathing?
expire, draw your last breath, death rattle, 
(13) What words refer to killing someone by stopping them from breathing?
choke, strangle, suffocate, smother, 
(14) What words refer to helping someone who has stopped breathing to breathe again?
give artificial respiration, 
Cough, sneeze
Use this domain for words related to coughing, sneezing, and other actions of the mouth and nose.
(1) What words refer to coughing?
cough, cough (n)
(2) What words refer to sneezing?
sneeze, sneeze (n)
(3) What words refer to burping?
burp, burp (n), belch, belch (n), 
(4) What words refer to hiccupping?
hiccup (v), hiccup (n), have the hiccups, 
Spit, saliva
Use this domain for words related to spitting.
(1) What words refer to spitting?
spit, spit out, expectorate, spew, 
(2) What words refer to saliva?
saliva, spit, spittle, sputum, phlegm, drool, slobber, drivel, 
(3) What words refer to letting saliva run out of your mouth?
drool, slobber, drivel, dribble, 
(4) What words refer to the production of saliva?
salivate, mouth waters, juices flow, salivation, 
(5) What words refer to not having any saliva in your mouth?
mouth is dry, 
(6) What words refer to the sound made when spitting?
ptui, 
Mucus
Use this domain for words related to mucus in the nose.
(1) What does the nose produce?
mucus, snot, booger
(2) What words express how mucus drains from the nose?
run, runny nose, be stuffed up
(3) What do people do with mucus?
blow your nose, pick your nose, wipe your nose, 
(4) What do people use to blow their nose?
handkerchief, hanky, tissue, 
Bleed, blood
Use this domain for words related to blood and bleeding.
(1) What words refer to bleeding?
to bleed, nosebleed, flow (from a wound), ooze, hemorrhage, 
(2) What words refer to bleeding quickly?
pour, stream from, spurt, gush, 
(3) What words refer to stopping bleeding?
coagulate, staunch, to stop bleeding, to block bleeding, apply a tourniquet
(4) What words refer to blood?
blood, drop of blood
(5) What words refer to blood when it dries?
clot, scab, blood stain, 
(6) What words describe something that has blood on it?
bloody, bloodstained, gory, gruesome, 
(7) What words refer to a lot of blood?
pool of blood, 
(8) What words refer to giving blood to someone?
give blood, blood transfusion, 
(9) What words refer to the type of blood a person has?
blood type, 
Sweat
Use this domain for words related to sweating.
(1) What words refer to sweating?
sweat (v), perspire, be dripping with sweat, sweat like a pig, 
(2) What words refer to sweat?
sweat (n), perspiration, 
(3) What words are used to describe a person beginning to sweat?
break out in a sweat, break into a sweat, begin to sweat
(4) What happens to sweat?
dry, 
(5) What do people do about sweat?
bathe, use deodorant, wash clothes, wipe sweat from your forehead, 
(6) What words describe a person who has been sweating?
sweaty, drenched with sweat
(7) What words describe the smell of sweat?
smell sweaty, smelly, stink, body odor, natural smell of sweat, smell of old people, smell of someone who never bathes
(8) What is a drop of sweat called?
bead of sweat
Urinate, urine
Use this domain for words related to urination.
(1) What words refer to urinating?
urinate, pee, piss, take a piss, take a leak, 
(2) What words refer to urine?
urine, pee, 
(3) Where do people urinate?
urinal
(4) What do the kidneys and bladder do?
produce urine, store urine
(5) What words refer to a kidney stone?
kidney stone, pass (a kidney stone)
Defecate, feces
Use this domain for words related to defecation.
(1) What words refer to defecating?
defecate, go to the bathroom, have a bowel movement, void, excrete, poop, take a crap, evacuate your bowels, purge your bowels, void, 
(2) What words refer to feces?
feces, manure, crap, droppings, dung, excrement, fecal, guano, pile, stool, waste, shit, 
(3) What words refer to when the feces are liquid?
diarrhea, loose bowel
(4) What words refer to when it is difficult to defecate?
constipation, constipated
(5) What words refer to cleaning after defecating?
wipe (yourself, your anus), 
(6) What things do people use to clean themselves?
toilet paper
(7) What things are used for babies?
diaper, nappies
(8) Where do people defecate?
bathroom, toilet, latrine
(9) What words refer to the smell of feces?
fetid, malodorous, putrid, 
(10) What words are used of intestinal gas?
gas, pass gas, break wind, fart
Sense, perceive
Use this domain for general words related to all the senses--sight, hearing, smell, taste, and feeling. Some languages may not distinguish some of these senses, and some languages may have words for other senses. There are also other senses that animals have. If your language has words for other senses, include them here.
(1) What words refer to sensing something using one of the senses?
feel, sense, perceive, notice, detect, distinguish
(2) What words refer to the ability to sense something?
sense, perception, 
(3) What words refer to all the senses?
senses
(4) What words refer to something that you sense?
feeling, sensation, perception, 
(5) What words describe something that can be sensed?
perceptible, noticeable, detectable, distinguishable
(6) What words describe something that cannot be sensed?
unperceived, imperceptible, unnoticeable, undetectable, undetected, indistinguishable, 
(7) What words describe someone who can sense things better than other people?
sensitive, perceptive, acute sense, 
See
Use this domain for words related to seeing something (in general or without conscious choice).
(1) What words refer to seeing something?
see, set eyes on, witness, see something with your own eyes, behold, notice, perceive, get an eyeful, 
(2) What words refer to seeing something for a very short time?
catch sight of, catch a glimpse of, get a look at, 
(3) What words refer to seeing something that you have been looking for?
spot, sight, observe, 
(4) What words refer to seeing something with difficulty?
make out, distinguish, 
(5) What words refer to the ability to see?
sight, sense of sight, vision, eyesight, 
(6) What words refer to someone who sees something?
observer, beholder, witness, eyewitness, onlooker, spectator, viewer, 
(7) What words refer to something that is seen?
sight, view, scene, scenery, picture, show, spectacle, vision, vista, panorama, 
(8) What words refer to an occasion of seeing?
sight, at first sight, your first sight of, 
(9) What words describe how well a person can see?
blind, astigmatism, clear-eyed, clear-sighted, cross-eyed, eyesight, good eyesight, poor eyesight, farsighted, lynx-eyed, myopia, myopic, nearsighted, purblind, sightless, visionless, 
(10) What words refer to doing something so that someone can't see?
blindfold, blind, dazzle, block someone's view, 
(11) What words describe something that has to do with seeing?
seeing, optic, optical, visual, 
Look
Use this domain for words that refer to looking at someone or something--to see something because you want to.
(1) What words refer to consciously looking at something?
look, look at, view, observe, eye (v), cast an eye on, watch, take a look at, have a look at, 
(2) What words refer to looking at something for a long time or in amazement?
stare, gaze, gape, gawk, peer, 
(3) What words refer to looking at something for a short time?
glance, cursory glance, look at briefly, (eyes) flicker over, take a quick look, 
(4) What words refer to looking quickly at many things or a large area?
scan, survey, reconnaissance, reconnoiter, look over, eyeball, perusal, peruse, scout, skim, sweep
(5) What words refer to looking at many things over a period of time?
browse, look around, sight-seeing, 
(6) What words describe how you look at someone if you don't trust them?
eye, look somebody up and down, 
(7) What words describe how you look at a woman if you are sexually attracted to her?
leer, ogle, make eyes at, goggle, peep, admire, 
(8) What words describe how you look at something if you are angry or unhappy about it?
glare, scowl, frown, give a dirty look, glower, 
(9) What words refer to looking hard at something because it is difficult to see?
squint, peer, crane your neck, 
(10) What words refer to looking at something secretly?
peek, peep, take a peep, sneak a look at, snoop around, spy, 
(11) What words refer to stopping looking at something and look at something else?
look away, avert your eyes
Watch
Use this domain for words that refer to watching someone or something--to look for some time at something that is happening because you are interested in it and want to know what is happening.
(1) What words refer to watching something?
watch, observe, look on, see (a movie), 
(2) What words refer to watching something continuously?
not take your eyes off, stand over, 
(3) What words refer to watching something so that nothing bad happens?
watch, keep an eye on, observation, monitor, 
(4) What words refer to secretly watching something?
watch, keep a watch on, surveillance, observation, 
(5) What words refer to someone who is watching?
spectator, viewer, audience, onlooker, observer, lookout, 
(6) What words refer to watching something for a long time, but not watching it all the time?
watch, keep an eye, 
(7) What words refer to always watching to see if anything bad happens?
alert, watchful, vigilant, keep your eyes peeled, keep your eyes open, look out, keep a lookout for, 
Examine
Use this domain for words referring to examining--to look carefully at something because you want to learn something about it.
(1) What words refer to examining something?
examine, look at, have a look at, take a look at, analyze, study, inspect, go through, go over, look over, check, check over, scrutinize, look hard at, pore, peer at, focus on, pry, 
(2) What words refer to examining someone?
examine, inspect, 
(3) What words refer to the act of examining something?
examination, analysis, inspection, check, check-up, study, scrutiny, post mortem, 
Show, let someone see
Use this domain for words related to showing something to someone so that they can see it--to cause someone to see something.
(1) What words refer to showing something to someone?
show, let someone see, let someone have a look, present, produce, flash, 
(2) What words refer to showing something by moving something that has been covering it?
show, expose, reveal, 
(3) What words refer to showing something that you are proud of?
show off, flourish, parade, flaunt, 
(4) What words refer to showing someone where something is?
show, point out, point to, mark, indicate, 
(5) What words refer to showing something to a lot of people?
show, display, put something on show, put something on display, exhibit, be on show, be on display, unveil, 
(6) What words refer to an event when something is shown?
show (n), exhibition, display, presentation, showing, 
(7) What words refer to what is shown?
display, exhibit, 
Visible
Use this domain for words related to being able to see something--words that describe something that can be seen, something that cannot be seen, something that is easy to see, or something that is difficult to see.
(1) What words refer to being able to see something?
can see, can make out, catch a glimpse of, 
(2) What words refer to not being able to see something?
can't see, can't make out, 
(3) What words describe something that can be seen?
visible, show, in view, in sight, seen, show up, perceptible, noticeable, observable, discernible, seeable, distinguishable, perceivable, 
(4) What words describe something that cannot be seen?
invisible, lose sight of, unseen, invisibility, imperceptible, indiscernible, 
(5) What words describe something that can be easily seen?
clear, distinct, apparent, clear-cut, conspicuous, prominent, stand out, evident, glaring, manifest, obvious, patent, pronounced, unmistakable, 
(6) What words describe something that cannot be easily seen?
unclear, not clear, faint, blurred, blur, blurry, barely discernible, dim, inconspicuous, indistinct, obscure, unapparent, 
(7) What words refer to how well something can be seen?
clarity, visibility, 
(8) What words indicate that something happens where people can see it?
in full view of, in front of, in front of someone's eyes, before someone's eyes, in the open, exposed to view, unhidden, within view, 
(9) What words indicate that something happens where people cannot see it?
out of sight, hidden from view, away from people's eyes, 
(10) What words refer to something blocking another thing from view?
becloud, befog, block, blot out, cloak, cloud, conceal, cover, eclipse, enshroud, hide, mask, obfuscate, obscure, obstruct, occlude, screen, shroud, veil, 
(11) What words describe something that is blocked from view?
beclouded, befogged, blocked, cloaked, concealed, covered, eclipsed, enshrouded, hidden, masked, obscured, screened, shrouded, veiled
Appear
Use this domain for words referring to something appearing (becoming visible) and disappearing (becoming invisible).
(1) What words refer to something appearing?
appear, become visible, come into view, come into sight, come out, loom, loom up, reappear, surface, materialize, assume visible form, put in an appearance
(2) What words refer to something disappearing?
disappear, vanish, disappear without a trace, vanish into thin air, go missing, go out of sight, fade away, blend into, disappear from sight, dissolve into nothing, be just gone, fade from view, retire from sight, lose sight of
(3) What words refer to the event of something appearing?
appearance, 
(4) What words refer to the event of something disappearing?
disappearance, 
Transparent
Use this domain for words that describe how well you can see through something.
(1) What words describe something that can be seen through?
transparent, clear, see-through, glassy, clear as crystal, crystal clear, show through, unclouded, crystalline, sheer, limpid, vitreous
(2) What words describe something that light shines through but you can't see through clearly?
translucent, frosted, cloudy, clouded, hazy, dim, unclear, vague, foggy, smoky, indistinct, faint, misty, muddy, shadowy, turbid, 
(3) What words describe something that cannot be seen through?
opaque, obscure, dark, darkened, impervious-to-light, 
Reflect, mirror
Use this domain for words related to reflecting light.
(1) What words refer to reflecting light?
reflect, mirror (v), 
(2) What words refer to light reflecting off of something?
reflect off, bounce off
(3) What words refer to the image that is reflected?
reflection, mirror image, 
(4) What words refer to something that reflects light?
mirror, looking glass, reflector, 
(5) What words describe something that reflects light?
reflective, 
Appearance
Use this domain for words related to how something appears.
(1) What words refer to the appearance of something?
appearance, look, manifestation, 
(2) What words refer to the appearance of someone?
appearance, looks, image, visage, features, countenance, profile, 
(3) What words indicate that something looks like another thing?
look like, have the look of, have the appearance of, resemble, 
(4) What words indicate that something looks a particular way?
look (good/bad), be (dark/young) in appearance, (good/bad) looking, 
(5) What words indicate that a piece of clothing looks good on someone?
suit, look good on, flattering
(6) What words indicate that something looks good with another thing?
go with, set off, match, go together, complement, matching, blend in, 
Beautiful
Use this domain for words describing someone or something that is beautiful--pleasing in appearance,.
(1) What words describe a woman who is beautiful?
beautiful, good-looking, pretty, attractive, striking, handsome, lovely, gorgeous, stunning, ravishing, of great beauty, elegant, 
(2) What words describe a man who is beautiful?
good-looking, handsome, attractive, cute, hunky, rugged, striking, gorgeous, be a fine figure of a man, dashing, 
(3) What words describe a child who is beautiful?
beautiful, lovely, cute, 
(4) What words describe something that is beautiful?
beautiful, attractive, pretty, lovely, gorgeous, splendid, magnificent, stunning, superb, exquisite, elegant, artistic, 
(5) What words describe a place that is beautiful?
beautiful, lovely, pretty, scenic, picturesque, magnificent, beauty spot, spectacular, 
(6) What words indicate that something is done in a beautiful way?
beautifully, prettily, attractively, exquisitely, 
(7) What words refer to the quality of being beautiful?
beauty, looks, good looks, 
(8) What words refer to making something beautiful?
beautify, spruce up, 
(9) What words describe something or someone that is neither beautiful nor ugly?
plain, average, ordinary, 
Ugly
Use this domain for words describing someone or something that is ugly--not pleasing in appearance.
(1) What words describe someone who is not good looking?
not good-looking, plain, homely, not much to look at, unattractive, 
(2) What words describe someone who is very ugly?
ugly, hideous, repulsive, grotesque, unsightly, 
(3) What words describe something that is ugly?
ugly, hideous, revolting, unattractive, unsightly, 
(4) What words refer to something that is ugly?
eyesore, monstrosity, blot on the landscape, 
(5) What words indicate that something is done in an ugly way?
rude, uncomely, uncouth, ungainly, ungraceful, unseemly, 
(6) What words refer to the quality of being ugly?
ugliness, 
(7) What words refer to making something ugly?
contort, deface, disfigure, distort, mar, misshape, 
(8) What words describe the face of a person who is bad?
contorted, cunning, hard-featured, rough, 
Something used to see
Use this domain for words referring to glasses and other things people use to help them see.
(1) What words refer to things people use to help them see better?
lens, eyepiece, optical instrument, prism, sight, gun sight, bomb sight, scope, viewer
(2) What words refer to glasses?
glasses, eyeglasses, corrective lenses, contact lens, bifocals, spectacles, specs, monocle, 
(3) What things do people use to see small things?
microscope, magnifying glass, magnifier, 
(4) What things do people use to see things far away?
telescope, binoculars, field glass, 
(5) What things do people use to protect their eyes?
sunglasses, dark glasses, goggles, 
(6) What do these things do?
enlarge, reflect, focus
Hear
Use this domain for words related to hearing something (in general or without conscious choice).
(1) What words refer to hearing something?
hear, overhear
(2) What words refer to the ability to hear?
hearing, sense of hearing, 
(3) What words refer to being able to hear something?
can hear, can make out, within someone's hearing, within earshot, catch, get, 
(4) What words refer to not being able to hear something?
can't hear, not catch, can't make out, out of earshot, 
(5) What words refer to things people use to help them hear better?
hearing aid, bug, stethoscope
(6) What words describe something that has to do with hearing?
aural, auditory, audio, acoustic, sound (adj), 
Listen
Use this domain for words related to listening--to deliberately hear something.
(1) What words refer to listening to something?
listen, listen to, listen for, hear someone out, lend an ear, tune in, audit, give an ear to, heed, pay attention to, prick up your ears, be all ears, attend to, get an earful, hearken, 
(2) What words refer to listen to someone when they don't know you are listening?
listen in, eavesdrop, bug, tap, monitor, 
(3) What words refer to someone who listens?
listener, audience, eavesdropper, auditor
(4) What do you say when you want someone to listen to you?
Listen. Listen up. Hear me. Your attention please. Pay attention. Lend an ear. Mark my words. Hark. 
Sound
Use this domain for words referring to sounds.
(1) What words refer to something that is heard?
sound, noise, voice, 
(2) What words indicate that something sounds like another thing or sounds a particular way?
sound like, sound of, sound (good/bad), have a (good/bad) sound, (good/bad) sounding, 
(3) What words refer to something or someone making a sound?
make a sound, make noise, emit, go (bang/boom), go off, sound (v), let out, articulate, articulation, 
(4) What words refer to a sound that is repeated faintly?
echo, 
(5) What words refer to making a sound that continues for a long time?
reverberate, resonate, resound, ring, roll, 
(6) What words describe something that can be heard?
audible, clear, loud and clear, 
(7) What words describe something that cannot be heard?
inaudible, unheard, subsonic, 
(8) What words refer to a sound becoming loud enough so that it can be heard?
become audible, reach the ear, be heard, fall on the ear, 
Types of sounds
Use this domain for words referring to types of sounds.
(1) What words refer to the quality of a sound?
tone, 
(2) What words describe a good sound?
melodious, melodic, good, beautiful, 
(3) What words describe a bad sound?
discordant, bad, disharmony, racket, raucous, shrill, strident, grating, 
(4) What words refer to a repeated sound?
knocking, rap, clatter, patter, rattle, tap, beat, cadence, drum, rhythmic, 
(5) What words refer to a continuous sound?
hum, monotone, steady noise
(6) What words refer to a sudden sound?
blare, blast, outburst, outcry, report, 
(7) What words refer to the pitch of a sound?
pitch, tone, note, frequency, inflection, intonation, modulation, overtone, tune, tonality, 
(8) What words refer to a high pitched sound?
high, squeak, squeal, whine, peep, 
(9) What words refer to a low pitched sound?
low, rumble
(10) What words refer to the sound of one thing hitting another?
bang, thud, crack, crash, bump, thump, boom, clack, clap, clash, clunk, jangle, knock, peal, pound, rap, tap, scrunch, slam, slap, smack, 
(11) What words refer to the sound of something breaking?
crack, pop, snap, crunch, 
(12) What words refer to the sound of two things rubbing against each other?
scrape, creak, squeak, screech, grinding, squeal, rasp, 
(13) What words refer to the sound of metal or glass hitting something?
clink, clank, clang, jingle, ring, tinkle, ding, toll, chime, chink, click, 
(14) What words refer to the sound of water?
splash, squelch, gurgle, plop, bubble, plunk, ripple, babble, burble, plash, 
(15) What words refer to the sound of the wind or air?
hiss, swish, fizz, fizzle, groan, moan, rustle, shriek, sough, wail, wheeze, whine, whisper, whistle, whiz, whoosh, 
(16) What words refer to the sound of fire?
crackle, sizzle, roar
(17) What sounds do people make with their mouths other than speaking or singing?
cry, laugh, scream, shriek, whistle, click, pop, wheeze, hiss, cluck, cough, hawk, gasp, gulp, snore, snort, sniff, sob, tsk-tsk, gurgle, gargle, yodel, moan, groan, scream, ululate, yikes, yahoo
(18) What sounds do babies make?
bawl, gurgle, coo, cry, squall, 
(19) What words refer to the sound of thunder?
boom, crack, rumble, thunder (v), 
(20) What words refer to the sound of a gun or bomb?
bang, boom, roar, rumble, 
(21) What words refer to the sound of a machine?
buzz, hum, whirr, whine, bleep, roar, tick, 
(22) What words refer to the sound of a car horn?
honk, toot, blare, beep, 
(23) What words refer to the sound of a bell?
ring, toll, chime, buzz, peal, tinkle, 
Loud
Use this domain for words that describe loud sounds.
(1) What words describe a loud sound?
loud, roaring, blaring, thunderous, 
(2) What words describe a loud voice?
loud, raucous, 
(3) What words describe a group of people that is loud?
noisy, rowdy, 
(4) What words describe a sound that is so loud that you can't hear anything else?
deafening, drown out, be deafened by, 
(5) What words describe a sound that is loud and high?
piercing, penetrating, ear-splitting, 
(6) What words describe a sound that is loud and low?
resounding, rumble, booming, 
(7) What words refer to a loud sound?
noise, racket, roar, 
(8) What words refer to many sounds at the same time?
din, clamor, hubbub, commotion, cacophony, tumult, uproar, 
(9) What words refer to making a loud sound?
boom (v), roar, thunder, blare, at full volume, at full blast, 
(10) What words refer to how loud something is?
volume, 
(11) What words refer to becoming louder?
get louder, sound grows, raise your voice, speak up, 
Quiet
Use this domain for words that describe quiet sounds.
(1) What words describe a quiet sound?
quiet, low, soft, muffled, faint, muted, weak, 
(2) What words describe something or someone that is quiet?
quiet, silent, 
(3) What words describe a quiet voice?
hushed, subdued, 
(4) What words describe a place or situation that is quiet?
quiet, peace and quiet, hush, 
(5) What words refer to a quiet sound?
whisper (n), murmur, rustle, 
(6) What words refer to making a quiet sound?
whisper (v), murmur, mutter, 
(7) What words refer to becoming quieter?
get quieter, go quiet, die down, die away, fade away, fall silent, lower your voice, 
(8) What words refer to making something or someone quieter?
quiet someone down, silence (v), hush, muffle, turn down, shut someone up, 
(9) What do you say when you want someone to be quiet?
shh, shush, shut up, be quiet, keep it down, pipe down, 
(10) What words refer to there not being any sound?
silent, silence, you could hear a pin drop, 
(11) What words indicate that you do something without making any noise?
without a sound, not make a sound, in silence, noiseless, soundless, quietly, silently, 
Taste
Use this domain for words related to tasting something.
(1) What words refer to tasting something?
taste, relish, savor, 
(2) What words refer to deliberately trying to taste something?
taste, have a taste, try, sample, lick, sip, 
(3) What words refer to the ability to taste?
sense of taste, palate, taste buds, 
(4) What words describe something that has to do with tasting?
gustatory, 
(5) What words refer to the taste of something?
taste, flavor, tang, aftertaste, hint, savor, 
(6) What words indicate that something tastes like another thing or tastes a particular way?
taste like, taste of, taste (good/bad), have a (good/bad) taste, (good/bad) tasting, flavored, 
(7) What words describe something that tastes good?
delicious, tasty, good, nice, palatable, flavorful, yummy, juicy, succulent, delectable, luscious, rich, scrumptious, fresh, ambrosial, toothsome, 
(8) What words describe something that looks like it tastes good?
appetizing, tempting, mouth-watering, make your mouth water, 
(9) What words describe something that tastes bad?
disgusting, revolting, horrible, bad, off, awful, distasteful, terrible, unpalatable, unsavory, yucky, 
(10) What words describe something that has a strong or spicy taste?
strong, hot, spicy, piquant, fiery, pungent, peppery
(11) What words describe something that does not have a strong taste?
mild, bland, insipid, weak, 
(12) What words describe something that has no taste?
tasteless, have no taste, not taste of anything, flavorless, 
(13) What words describe something that has a sweet taste?
sweet, sugary, sickly sweet, sweeten, 
(14) What words describe something that is not sweet?
unsweetened, savory, dry, 
(15) What words describe something that has a sour taste?
sour, sharp, tart, tangy, 
(16) What words describe something that has a bitter taste?
bitter, acrid, astringent, bitter-tasting, caustic, 
(17) What words describe something that has a salty taste?
salty, 
Smell
Use this domain for words related to smelling something.
(1) What words refer to smelling something?
smell, scent (v), get a whiff of, catch a whiff of, 
(2) What words refer to deliberately trying to smell something?
smell, sniff, snuff, savor, 
(3) What words refer to the ability to smell?
sense of smell, a good nose, 
(4) What words describe something that has to do with smelling?
olfactory, 
(5) What words refer to the smell of something?
smell, odor, scent, whiff, fume, essence, aroma, bouquet, fragrance, 
(6) What words indicate that something smells like another thing or smells a particular way?
smell like, smell of, smell (good/bad), have a (good/bad) smell, (good/bad) smelling, give off a smell, 
(7) What words refer to smelling good?
smell good, smell nice, 
(8) What words refer to smelling bad?
smell bad, smell, stink, reek, stink the place up, 
(9) What words describe something that smells good?
fragrant, aromatic, sweet-smelling, fresh, perfumed, delectable, delicious, nice, scented, wonderful, 
(10) What words describe something that smells bad?
smelly, stinking, acrid, body odor, awful, fetid, foul, foul-smelling, fusty, malodorous, moldy, musty, noisome, pungent, putrid, rancid, rank, reeking, rotten, 
(11) What words refer to a good smell?
scent, perfume, fragrance, aroma, bouquet, 
(12) What words refer to a bad smell?
smell (n), odor, stench, stink, reek, halitosis, 
(13) What words do people use to say that something smells bad?
phew, PU, yuck
(14) What words describe something that can be smelled easily?
strong, powerful, pungent, heady, redolent, 
(15) What words describe something that cannot be smelled easily?
faint, 
(16) What words describe something that has no smell?
odorless, inodorous, inodorousness, scentless, 
(17) What words refer to something beginning to smell?
start to smell, 
(18) What words refer to something not smelling any longer?
lose its smell, 
(19) What words refer to a smell spreading?
waft, dissipate, 
(20) What words refer to getting rid of a smell?
get rid of that smell, air out a room, deodorize, mask a scent
(21) What things do people use to get rid of or cover up a bad smell?
perfume, deodorant, deodorizer, incense, scent, air-freshener, 
(22) What words refer to holding your nose so you don't smell something?
hold your nose, 
Sense of touch
Use this domain for words related to the sense of touch--to feel something with your skin, to feel hot or cold, to feel tired or rested.
(1) What words refer to feeling something?
feel, 
(2) What words refer to deliberately trying to feel something?
feel, touch, palpate, 
(3) What words refer to feeling something with your whole body?
feel (hot/cold/tired/sick), experience, come over all, 
(4) What words refer to the ability to feel?
feeling, sense of touch, sense of feeling
(5) What words refer to a feeling?
feeling, sensation, 
(6) What words describe something that has to do with feeling?
tactile, 
(7) What words refer to the way something feels?
feel (n), texture, 
(8) What words indicate that something feels like another thing or feels a particular way?
feel like, feel of, feel (good/bad), have a (good/bad) feel, (tired) feeling, 
(9) What words refer to feeling good?
comfortable, 
(10) What words refer to feeling bad?
uncomfortable, 
(11) What words describe something that feels good?
soothing, pleasurable, sensuous, 
(12) What words describe something that feels bad?
irritating, itchy, prickly, scratchy, ticklish, tingly, 
(13) What words refer to a good feeling?
pleasure, comfort, 
(14) What words refer to a bad feeling?
pain, itch, irritation, tickle, 
(15) What words do people use to say that something feels bad?
ouch, 
(16) What words describe something that can be felt?
touchable, tangible, palpable, 
(17) What words describe something that cannot be felt?
unfelt, intangible, 
(18) What words refer to feeling things more than most people?
sensitive, feel the (heat/cold)
(19) What words refer to not being able to feel anything?
be numb, have no feeling, can't feel anything, be insensitive (to pain), go to sleep, go dead, go numb, lose feeling, 
(20) What words refer to causing a person not to feel anything?
anesthetize, numb (an area), deaden, 
Comfortable
Use this domain for words related to feeling comfortable--to feel good in your body because there is nothing around you that makes you feel bad. This includes comfortable clothes, chair, bed, temperature, or journey.
(1) What words refer to feeling comfortable?
comfortable, comfort, comfy, in comfort, snug
(2) What words describe something that makes you feel comfortable?
comfortable, cozy, snug, smooth, luxurious
(3) What words refer to something that makes you feel comfortable?
comfort, luxury, 
(4) What words refer to a comfortable feeling?
comfort, 
(5) What words refer to making yourself comfortable?
make yourself comfortable, settle down, snuggle
(6) What words refer to not feeling comfortable?
uncomfortable, discomfort
(7) What words describe something that makes you feel uncomfortable?
uncomfortable, rough, bumpy
(8) What words refer to living without things that make you feel comfortable?
rough it, austere, austerity, Spartan
Body condition
Use this domain for general words related to the condition of the body.
(1) What general words refer to the condition of the body?
condition, state, shape (as in 'to be in shape')
Strong
Use this domain for words that related to being strong, such as being able to lift a heavy object or being able to work hard.
(1) What words describe a person who is strong?
strong, powerful, muscular, well-built, strapping, steely, 
(2) What words describe someone who is strong and fat?
stocky, burly, brawny, beefy, hefty, 
(3) What words describe someone who is strong and thin?
wiry, sinewy, 
(4) What words describe someone who is strong and healthy?
sturdy, robust, hardy, tough, resilient, 
(5) What words refer to a person's strength?
strength, power, brawn, force, might, energy, vigor, toughness, 
(6) What words describe someone who can work or run for a long time?
fit, physically fit, athletic, 
(7) What words refer to being able to work or run for a long time?
be in shape, be in good condition, keep fit, stay in shape, keep in shape, 
(8) What words refer to the ability to work or run for a long time?
stamina, staying power, endurance, physical fitness, 
(9) What words refer to a person who is strong?
strong man, he-man, athlete, 
(10) What words refer to making someone stronger?
strengthen, bolster, 
(11) What words describe someone who does many things quickly?
energetic, full of energy, have lots of energy, active, vigorous, 
Weak
Use this domain for words related to being weak.
(1) What words describe someone who is weak?
weak, puny, weedy, impotent, 
(2) What words describe someone who is weak because of being old or sick?
feeble, frail, fragile, shaky, unsteady, infirm, anemic, debilitated, unsound, 
(3) What words describe someone who is weak and who can easily be hurt or get sick?
vulnerable, defenseless, powerless, 
(4) What words refer to a person's weakness?
weakness, infirmity, disability, vulnerability, 
(5) What words describe someone who cannot work or run for a long time?
unfit, not be in shape, be out of condition, be out of shape, 
(6) What words refer to a person who is weak?
weakling, wimp, invalid, weed, 
(7) What words refer to making someone weaker?
weaken, debilitate, enfeeble
Energetic
Use this domain for words related to being energetic.
(1) What words describe someone who is energetic?
energetic, vigorous, be full of energy, bursting with energy, dynamic, hyperactive, tireless, boisterous, 
(2) What words describe someone who is energetic and happy?
lively, vivacious, animated, be full of beans, bright and breezy, be a live wire, feel alive, 
(3) What words describe energetic activity or behavior?
energetic, vigorous, tireless, lively, animated, 
(4) What words refer to the strength or ability to be energetic?
energy, vigor, get-up-and-go, vitality, vim and vigor, oomph, 
Tired
Use this domain for words related to being tired.
(1) What words describe someone who is tired?
tired, exhausted, tired out, worn out, weary, shattered, drained, beat, dead beat, be dead on your feet, be ready to drop, bushed, pooped, tuckered out, knackered, run down, spent, dog-tired, haggard, 
(2) What words describe someone who is tired and doesn't want to work?
lethargic, sluggish, languid, 
(3) What words refer to being tired and wanting to sleep?
sleepy, drowsy, half-asleep, can hardly keep your eyes open, 
(4) What words refer to becoming tired?
get tired, tire, flag, run out of steam, burn out, 
(5) What words refer to something making someone tired?
tire out, wear out, exhaust, tire, do someone in, it nearly killed me, take it out of, weary, fatigue, drain, tax, wear someone down, work someone to death, 
(6) What words describe something that makes someone tired?
tiring, exhausting, wearing, boring, draining, grueling, taxing, tedious, wearisome, wearying, 
(7) What words refer to the condition of being tired?
tiredness, exhaustion, fatigue, weariness, lethargy, jet-lag, sluggishness, 
(8) What do people do when they are tired?
yawn, sigh, drag, droop, drop, faint, flag, pant, puff, stretch, wilt, wind down, 
Rest
Use this domain for words related to resting.
(1) What words refer to resting?
rest, take a rest, have a rest, lie down, put your feet up, relax, laze, take it easy, chill out, take a break, catch your breath, take a breather, take a respite, take a sabbatical, take it easy, unwind, take a vacation, recharge your batteries, repose, at ease, get your breath back, sit back, 
(2) What words describe a person who has rested?
(feel) rested, energetic, have a lot of energy, refreshed, restored, 
(3) What words refer to a time when someone rests?
rest, relaxation, break, tea/coffee break, siesta, time off, time out, holiday, respite, sabbatical, leisure time, 
(4) Where do workers rest?
break room, lunchroom, in the shade, 
(5) What words describe a situation that helps someone rest?
restful, relaxing, 
Healthy
Use this domain for words related to a person being healthy--not sick.
(1) What words describe a person who is healthy?
healthy, well, fine, in good health, able-bodied, hale, sound, whole, 
(2) What words describe someone who is healthy and doesn't get sick?
robust, have a strong constitution, 
(3) What words describe someone who looks healthy?
glowing, be the picture of health, healthy-looking, 
(4) What words refer to the state of being healthy?
health, bloom, fitness, 
(5) What words refer to a person's physical condition?
health, wellbeing, condition, physiology, 
(6) What words describe something that makes you healthy?
healthy, be good for you, be good for your health, do you good, beneficial, 
(7) What words describe food that makes you healthy?
wholesome, nutritious, nourishing, healthful, 
Sick
Use this domain for words describing a person who is sick.
(1) What words refer to being sick?
be sick, be ill, not be well, be in a bad way, do poorly, 
(2) What words refer to being sick with a disease?
have (a disease), suffer from, be sick with, infected with, stricken with, have an attack of, 
(3) What words refer to being a little sick?
off color, under the weather, run down, not feel yourself, not be yourself, 
(4) What words refer to being very sick?
bedridden, decline, failing, life is ebbing, sinking (fast), seriously ill, critically ill, terminally ill, be fatal, 
(5) What words refer to feeling sick?
feel ill, not feel well, feel rough, feel funny, feel sick, feel sick to your stomach, groggy, feel faint, 
(6) What words describe a person who is sick?
ill, sick, unwell, infirm, look like death warmed over, unhealthy, ailing, diseased, incapacitated, indisposed, laid up, 
(7) What words describe someone who is often sick?
sickly, delicate, be in poor health, be prone to, hypochondriac, 
(8) What words refer to becoming sick?
get sick, become ill, fall ill, be taken ill, sicken, become sick, catch (a disease), come down with, contract, 
(9) What words refer to a person who is sick?
patient, sufferer, invalid, the sick, 
(10) What words refer to a time when many people are sick from the same disease?
epidemic, plague, outbreak, pestilence, 
Recover from sickness
Use this domain for words referring to recovering from sickness or injury.
(1) What words refer to recovering?
recover, get better, make a slow/quick/complete recovery, get well, feel better, improve, be on the mend, respond to treatment, regain your health, gain strength, make good progress, 
(2) What words refer to recovering from a disease?
recover from, get over, shake off, 
(3) What words refer to no longer being very sick?
out of danger, 
(4) What words refer to spending time resting in order to recover?
recuperate, convalesce, 
(5) What words refer to being healthy after being sick?
be better, be well, be fully recovered, be cured, be over something, be back on your feet, be up and about, be fit, be healed, be well again, be fine, be back to normal, be restored to health, be whole again, 
(6) What words refer to feeling good enough to do something?
feel up to, 
(7) What words refer to a disease going away?
go away, clear up, 
(8) What words refer to an injury healing?
heal, mend, 
Disease
Use this domain for general words for disease and for words referring to specific diseases.
(1) What words refer to a disease?
illness, disease, complaint, condition, ailment, disorder, infection, bug, sickness, malady, infirmity, affliction, contagion, debility, indisposition, fever, syndrome, malaise, 
(2) What words refer to a disease that lasts a short time?
attack, a bout of, a touch of, 
(3) What words describe a type of disease?
acute, chronic, bacterial, complication, critical, curable, degenerative, genetic, morbid, nervous, neuromuscular, psychosomatic, virus, wasting, 
(4) What words describe a disease that kills people?
terminal, fatal, incurable, 
(5) What words describe a disease that people can get easily?
infectious, contagious, catching, 
(6) What words refer to a disease spreading to other people?
spread, epidemic, outbreak, plague, 
(7) What are the names of particular diseases?
allergy, allergic, amoeba, appendicitis, cholera, colic, colicky, colitis, cyst, diabetes, diabetic, diphtheria, distemper, dropsy, dysentery, elephantiasis, encephalitis, fibrosis, fistula, flux, hypertension, gallstone, goiter, heatstroke, hernia, herpes zoster, hemophilia, hemorrhoid, hives, hookworm, kidney stone, lockjaw, lumbago, malaria, meningitis, mononucleosis, mumps, phlebitis, piles, plague, polio, poliomyelitis, psoriasis, rabid, rabies, rubella, sclerosis, sunstroke, tetanus, typhoid, typhus, yellow fever, airsick, carsick, seasick, 
(8) What words refer to a disease of the brain or mind?
Alzheimer's, amnesia, stroke, depression, schizophrenia, shock, stress, 
(9) What words refer to epilepsy?
epilepsy, epileptic, epileptic seizure, have a seizure, fit, 
(10) What words refer to a disease of the eyes?
eye disease, glaucoma, red eyes, pinkeye, cataract, conjunctivitis, sty, 
(11) What words refer to a disease of the nose and throat?
cough, whooping cough, cold, sore throat, influenza, flu, chill, 
(12) What words refer to a disease of the lungs?
respiratory disease, tuberculosis, angina, asthma, asthmatic, pneumonia, emphysema, grippe, hay fever, bronchitis, 
(13) What words refer to a disease of the heart?
heart attack, heart failure, coronary, arteriosclerosis, cardiovascular, fibrillation, hardening of the arteries, thrombosis, heart murmur, weak heart, heart condition, 
(14) What words refer to a disease of the liver?
liver disease, hepatitis, jaundice, cirrhosis, 
(15) What words refer to sexually transmitted  disease?
venereal disease, AIDS, gonorrhea, syphilis, herpes
(16) What words refer to a disease of the bones and joints?
arthritis, arthritic, stiffness of the joints, rheumatic, rheumatism, backache, 
(17) What words refer to cancer?
cancer, cancerous, tumor, skin cancer, leukemia, lung cancer, liver cancer, malignancy, malignant, benign, 
Malnutrition, starvation
Use this domain for words related to not having enough food.
(1) What words refer to the condition produced by not having enough food?
malnutrition, kwashiorkor, anemia, dystrophy, deficiency, anorexia, 
(2) What words refer to dying from lack of food?
starve, starvation, waste away, 
(3) What words describe someone who doesn't have enough food?
starving, malnourished, anemic, emaciated, 
Skin disease
Use this domain for words related to skin diseases such as leprosy, boils, and rashes.
(1) What words refer to a sore in the skin?
boil, infection, sore, open sore, scab, rash, ulcer, abscess, bunion, growth, tumor, bruise, gangrene, inflammation, pox, lesion, canker, corn, eruption, blister, bedsore, cold sore, 
(2) What are the names of specific skin diseases?
leprosy, chickenpox, smallpox, measles, German measles, scabies, ringworm, (itching of foot due to worms), dermatitis, eczema, fungus, shingles, 
(3) What words refer to having an infection?
have an infection, be infected, infect, get infected, break out, develop an infection, 
(4) What words refer to an infection becoming worse?
spread, turn gangrenous, fester, peel, break, 
(5) What words refer to a small sore in the skin?
(6) What words refer to pus?
pus, pustule, 
(7) What does pus do?
ooze, run, 
(8) What words refer to a person with a skin disease?
leper
Stomach illness
Use this domain for words related to stomach illness.
(1) What words refer to being sick in your stomach?
have an upset stomach, have a stomach-ache, tummy-ache, be sick to your stomach, 
(2) What types of stomach illness are there?
vomiting, morning sickness, indigestion, diarrhea, dysentery, constipation, constipated, ulcer, ulcerate, ulcerated, intestinal obstruction, worms, 
(3) What words refer to vomiting?
be sick, throw up, vomit, puke, barf, bring up, regurgitate, spew, 
(4) What words refer to vomiting without bringing anything up?
retch, heave, gag, 
(5) What are the symptoms of stomach illness?
gas, belching, cramps, 
(6) What words describe how you feel when your stomach is sick?
feel sick, queasy, nausea, be going to be sick, nauseated, nauseous, 
(7) What words refer to something making your stomach feel sick?
nauseate, give you an upset stomach, make you sick to your stomach, 
Tooth decay
Use this domain for words related to tooth decay.
(1) What words are used to describe a tooth that has gone bad?
tooth decay, cavity, loose, rotten, gingivitis, 
(2) What words refer to the pain caused by a bad tooth?
toothache
(3) What words refer to losing a tooth?
lose a tooth, knock out, missing, 
(4) What words refer to removing a tooth?
extract a tooth, pull a tooth, have a tooth out, extraction, 
(5) What words refer to fixing a tooth?
fill, filling, drill, cap, root canal, 
(6) What words refer to false teeth?
false teeth, dentures, 
(7) What words refer to a person who treats bad teeth?
dentist, oral surgeon, dentistry, 
Injure
Use this domain for words related to injuring someone.
(1) What words refer to injuring someone?
injure, harm, hurt, wound, abuse, violate, electrocute, electrocution, mistreat, mistreatment, inflict injury, 
(2) What words refer to injuring a part of your body?
injure, damage, hurt, impair, 
(3) What words refer to injuring a bone or joint?
break, fracture, dislocate, crack, hamstring, jam, sprain, stub, twist, wrench, do your back in, put out your back, 
(4) What words refer to injuring a muscle?
pull, strain, tear, cramp, spasm, convulsion, 
(5) What words refer to being injured by being cut?
cut, bayonet, buffet, butt, chop, claw, clout, club, gash, jab, knife, lacerate, maul, savage, slice, spear, stab, traumatize, scratch, scrape, graze, mutilate, 
(6) What words refer to being injured by being hit?
hit, bash, batter, beat up, belt, black eye, bludgeon, bruise, crush, concussion, cudgel, cuff, hammer, horsewhip, kick, knee, knock, lash, pelt, pummel, punch, slap, smack, smash, squash, stone, strike, thwack, whip, 
(7) What words refer to being injured by being burned?
burn, first/second/third degree burn, boil, scald, 
(8) What words refer to being injured?
be injured, sustain an injury, be bleeding, be hurt, get hurt, be wounded, suffer harm, 
(9) What words refer to someone who has been injured?
casualty, victim, the injured, the wounded, 
(10) What words refer to a person wounded in war?
wounded in action, purple heart, 
(11) What words describe someone who has been injured?
injured, harmed, wounded, 
(12) What words describe a part of your body that has been injured?
injured, hurt, impaired, damaged, 
(13) What words refer to an injury?
injury, accident, bruise, cut, impairment, wound, slash, puncture, stab, sprain, tear/pull a muscle, shock, concussion, bump, break a bone, fracture, dislocate a bone, dislocation, sprain, put out an eye, nose bleed, scar, sting, bite, sore, blister, contusion, frostbite, heatstroke, sunstroke, sunburn, burn, welt, drug overdose, 
(14) What words describe the seriousness of an injury?
crippling, serious (injury), minor (injury), bad (accident), deep (wound), bad (sprain), third degree (burn), compound (fracture), critical, critically, fatal, fatally, sore (finger)
(15) What words describe someone who is not injured?
unharmed, unhurt, unscathed, come to no harm, no harm done, without a scratch, in one piece, walk away from
(16) What words describe something that can injure someone?
dangerous, harmful, 
(17) What words describe something that cannot injure someone?
harmless, 
Amputate
Use this domain for words related to amputating or losing a limb or other part of your body.
(1) What words refer to the condition of having lost a limb?
be an amputee, disfigured, 
(2) What words refer to the event or process that results in losing a limb?
amputate, amputation, lose a limb, sever, mutilate
(3) What words refer to a person who has lost a limb?
amputee
(4) What things are used by a person who has lost a limb?
artificial limb, wooden leg, peg leg, prosthesis
Poison
Use this domain for words referring to poison--something that is bad for your body if you eat it, it gets on you, or an animal injects it into you.
(1) What general words refer to poison?
poison, toxin, 
(2) What types of animal poisons are there?
snakebite, bee sting, venom
(3) What types of plant poisons are there?
poison ivy, hemlock, 
(4) What types of poison are eaten or drunk?
food poisoning, arsenic, cyanide
(5) What types of poison affect the skin?
toxic substance, insecticide
(6) What words describe something that is poisonous?
harmful, poisonous, toxic, noxious, 
(7) What words refer to giving someone poison?
poison (v), 
(8) What words refer to an animal putting poison into a person?
bite, sting, inject, 
(9) What words refer to treating snakebite?
treat for (snakebite), snakebite treatment, cut vein, suck poison out, snakebite kit
(10) What words refer to treating poison that is eaten or drunk?
antidote, administer (the antidote)
Disabled
Use this domain for general words for being disabled--to be injured or born with a condition, so that some part of your body does not work.
(1) What words refer to being disabled?
be disabled, have special needs, be crippled, be lame, be paralyzed, have a withered arm
(2) What words refer to disabling someone?
disable, handicap (v), cripple, paralyze, maim, mutilate, disfigure, 
(3) What words refer to the condition of being disabled?
disability, handicap (n), disfigurement, mutilation, paralysis, palsy, 
(4) What words refer to a disabled person?
the disabled, people with disabilities, the handicapped, cripple (n), lame (n), paraplegic (legs only), quadriplegic (all four limbs), paralytic, 
(5) What words describe someone who has been disabled?
disabled, handicapped, crippled, paralyzed, partially paralyzed, totally paralyzed, maimed, disfigured, mutilated, lame, 
(6) What things are used by a crippled person?
crutch, cane, wheelchair, walker, stretcher, pallet, 
Blind
Use this domain for words related to being blind.
(1) What words describe someone who is blind?
blind, sightless, can't see, totally blind, visually handicapped, visually-impaired, 
(2) What words refer to becoming blind?
lose your sight, go blind, struck blind, 
(3) What words refer to making someone blind?
blind (v), 
(4) What words refer to a blind person?
blind person, blind man, the blind, 
(5) What words refer to the condition of being blind?
blindness, 
(6) What things are used by a blind person?
cane, dark glasses, seeing-eye dog, Braille
Poor eyesight
Use this domain for words related to having poor eyesight.
(1) What words describe someone who cannot see well?
near-sighted, far-sighted, as blind as a bat, partially blind, have poor eyesight, astigmatism, color-blind, cross-eyed, 
(2) What words refer to a disease that causes poor eyesight?
cataracts, glaucoma, 
(3) What words refer to glasses?
(4) What words refer to wearing glasses?
wear glasses, 
(5) What words refer to a doctor who makes glasses?
optometrist, optician, eye doctor, 
(6) What words refer to the making of glasses?
eye exam, prescription, frames, lens
Deaf
Use this domain for words related to being deaf.
(1) What words describe someone who is deaf?
deaf, 
(2) What words describe someone who is partially deaf?
be hard of hearing, hearing impaired
(3) What words describe someone who is totally deaf?
be stone deaf, be as deaf as a post, totally deaf, profoundly deaf, 
(4) What words refer to a deaf person?
deaf man, the deaf, 
(5) What words refer to becoming deaf?
go deaf, become deaf, lose your hearing, deafen, 
(6) What words refer to the condition of being deaf?
deafness, 
(7) What things are used by a deaf person?
hearing aid, ear trumpet, 
(8) What words refer to a deaf person talking using their hands?
sign language, sign (v), 
(9) What words refer to a deaf person understanding someone by watching their mouth?
lip-read, lip-reading, 
Mute
Use this domain for words related to being mute--unable to speak (usually because of being unable to hear).
(1) What words refer to the condition of being mute?
be dumb, mute, unable to speak
(2) What words refer to a person who cannot speak?
mute, dumb person
(3) What things are used by the person who cannot speak?
sign language, gestures, writing
Birth defect
Use this domain for words related to having a birth defect.
(1) What words refer to something that is wrong with a baby?
birth defect, genetic defect, congenital abnormality, deformity, 
(2) What words describe a deformed baby?
deformed, abnormal, misshapen, 
(3) What words refer to a deformed baby?
freak, 
(4) What kinds of abnormalities are there?
albino, bowlegged, flatfooted, humpbacked, withered arm, shrunken arm, harelip, cleft palate, cerebral palsy, Downs syndrome, club-footed, 
(5) What words refer to giving birth to a deformed baby?
Cause of disease
Use this domain for words referring to the cause of disease.
(1) What words refer to the cause of a disease?
cause, source, 
(2) What words refer to causing someone to be sick?
make someone sick, spread sickness, infect, be infectious, be contagious, communicable, 
(3) What things cause disease?
infection, contagion, curse, spirit, psychosomatic, bacteria, virus, germ, chill, exposure, chemical imbalance, genetic defect, 
(4) What words describe something that can make you sick?
infectious, contagious, be bad for you, be bad for your health, unsanitary, unhygienic, 
(5) What words refer to finding the cause of a disease?
diagnose, 
Symptom of disease
Use this domain for words for symptoms of disease--something that happens to you when you get sick, something that shows that you are sick.
(1) What words refer to a symptom?
symptom, sign, indication, evidence, warning, pathology, 
(2) What types of symptoms are there?
shock, delirious, numb, 
(3) What words refer to feeling weak?
weak, weakened, feel tired, no energy, debilitate, enervate, 
(4) What words refer to the skin changing color due to illness?
pale, flushed, red, dark (circles under the eyes), spot, rash, 
(5) What words refer to itching when the skin is irritated?
itch, have an itch, scratch, be irritated
(6) What words refer to coughing?
cough, sneeze, clear throat, hack
(7) What words refer to muscles cramping from pain?
cramp, be bent over (with pain), doubled up (with pain), spasm, 
(8) What words refer to the body shaking due to illness?
convulsion, chills, fit, 
(9) What words refer to feeling dizzy or faint?
dizzy, dizziness, feel faint, 
Pain
Use this domain for words related to pain
(1) What words refer to pain?
pain, ache, hurt (n), misery, suffering, sufferings, soreness, 
(2) What words refer to being in pain?
be in pain, be in agony, feel pain, have a pain in, suffer, hurt (vi), bear pain, endure, agonize, feel bad, feel miserable, suffer, 
(3) What words refer to a part of your body hurting?
hurt, ache, be agony, sting, 
(4) What words describe a part of your body that is in pain?
painful, aching, sore (adj), stiff, tender, 
(5) What words refer to pain in a particular part of your body?
backache, earache, headache, migraine, stomachache, toothache, labor pains, sore throat, 
(6) What words refer to a mild pain?
discomfort, feel uncomfortable, mild, hurts a little bit, itch, prickle, smart, sting, stinging, tingle, tingling, stitch, twinge, dull, 
(7) What words refer to a bad pain?
agony, agonize, agonizing, anguish, burn, hurts a lot, really hurts, acute, racked with pain, horrible, excruciating, torment, raw pain, 
(8) What words describe pain increasing?
increase, grow, rise
(9) What words describe pain decreasing?
subside, go away, fade
(10) What words refer to a pain that increases and decreases repeatedly?
throb, throbbing,
(11) What words refer to a pain that lasts a short time?
attack, sharp, pang, piercing, prick, shooting, stab, stabbing, throes, paroxysm, wrenching pain, 
(12) What words refer to causing pain?
hurt, inflict pain, torture, afflict, torment, 
(13) What words refer to something causing pain?
hurt, painful, cause pain, sting, irritate, 
(14) What words refer to relieving pain?
relieve, relief, soothe, treat, alleviate, painkiller, anesthetize, anesthetic, 
(15) What words refer to making noise because you are in pain?
cry out, scream, howl, yell, shriek, groan, moan, weep, 
(16) What words refer to moving because you are in pain?
writhe in pain, double up, contorted with pain, convulse, convulsion, cramp, cramps, wince, 
(17) What do you say when you are hurt?
Ow! Ouch!
(18) What words refer to not causing pain?
not hurt, painless, not feel a thing, 
Fever
Use this domain for words related to having a fever.
(1) What words refer to having a fever?
fever, feverish, temperature, have a fever/temperature, run a temperature, be hot, be burning up, 
(2) What words refer to a fever increasing?
rise
(3) What words refer to a fever decreasing?
fall, break
(4) What are the symptoms of having a fever?
shiver, shake, have the shakes, chills
(5) What words refer to measuring someone's fever?
take someone's temperature, 
(6) What instruments are used for measuring a fever?
thermometer
Swell
Use this domain for words related to swelling of the body.
(1) What words refer to swelling?
swell, swelling, edema, inflammation, 
(2) What words refer to swelling in a particular part of the body?
swollen abdomen, swollen muscle, hernia, swelling in groin
(3) What words describe something that has swollen?
swollen, puffy, inflamed, 
(4) What words refer to swelling increasing?
swell up, get swollen
(5) What words refer to swelling decreasing?
relieve swelling, reduce swelling, go down
Lose consciousness
Use this domain for words related to losing consciousness, including fainting, being knocked out, and anesthesia.
(1) What words refer to being conscious?
be conscious, consciousness, awake
(2) What words refer to losing consciousness?
lose consciousness, go unconscious, faint, pass out, swoon, be knocked out, go into a coma, collapse, 
(3) What words refer to the state of being unconscious?
be unconscious, fainted, passed out, coma, be in a coma, be out, insensible
(4) What words refer to something causing someone to lose consciousness?
knock out, put out, put under (anesthesia), stupefy, 
(5) What words refer to regaining consciousness?
regain consciousness, come to, come out of the coma
(6) What words refer to causing a person to regain consciousness?
bring someone around, resuscitate
(7) What words refer to a person who deals with loss of consciousness?
anesthesiologist
(8) What causes someone to lose consciousness?
hit on head, be sick, be in pain, anesthesia
(9) What happens or what symptoms occur when someone begins to lose consciousness?
feel faint, feel dizzy, stagger, become incoherent
(10) What are the symptoms of being unconscious?
be unresponsive, be like dead
Dazed, confused
Use this domain for words that describe the state of the mind when a person's mind is not working well or when he is not thinking very well.
(1) What words refer to being dazed or confused?
be dazed, confused, disoriented, unsure, out of it, befuddled, bewildered, spaced out, incoherent, dull (minded), stupor, 
(2) What words are used to express a slight case of these conditions?
slightly disoriented, a bit confused, a little out of it
(3) What words are used to express an extreme case of these conditions?
really confused, totally out of it, shocked
(4) What words describe a person's mind is working well?
think clearly, be clear headed, be sharp (mentally)
(5) What words refer to causing someone to be dazed or confused?
daze, confuse, disorient, befuddle, shock, stupefy
Vision, hallucination
Use this domain for words related to having a vision--when a person sees something that isn't there because something unusual has happened to their mind. Include unusual, abnormal, and paranormal states of consciousness, visions, hallucinations, and spiritually induced trances.
(1) What words refer to an unusual state of consciousness?
vision, trance, hallucination
(2) What words refer to beginning an unusual state of consciousness?
go into a trance
(3) What words refer to the state of being in an unusual state of consciousness?
be in a trance, have a vision, hallucinate
(4) What words refer to one person causing another to be in an unusual state of consciousness?
hypnotize
(5) What words describe regaining normal consciousness?
come out of the trance
(6) What people deal with unusual states of consciousness?
exorcist
(7) What causes someone to be in an unusual state of consciousness?
be possessed by a spirit, drugs
Treat disease
Use this domain for words related to the treatment of disease and injury.
(1) What words refer to treating someone who is sick or injured?
give someone treatment, treat, treatment, medical treatment, therapy, therapeutic, medical procedure, rehabilitation, medical aid, first aid, go to the aid of, 
(2) What words refer to taking care of someone who is sick?
care for (a patient), nurse (a patient), nurse back to health, look after, hospice care
(3) What words refer to treating a disease?
treat a disease, arrest (the spread of a disease), 
(4) What words refer to a particular type of treatment?
resuscitate, acupuncture, blood transfusion, 
(5) What words refer to treating a wound?
clean/cleanse a wound, bandage, Band-Aid, compress, dress (a wound), dressing, tourniquet, 
(6) What words refer to treating a broken bone?
set a bone, reduce a dislocation, cast, splint, crutches, cane, plaster, sling, brace, 
(7) What words refer to surgery?
surgery, surgical, operate, operation, perform an operation, have an operation, major surgery, minor surgery, operating theater, operating table, amputate, implant, transplant, inoperable, incision, stitch, suture, sew up, scalpel, 
(8) What words refer to treating pain?
alleviate, ease, anesthesia, anesthetic, general anesthesia, local anesthesia, anesthetize, 
(9) What words refer to  things are done to treat disease?
radiation, scan, 
(10) What words refer to trying to find out what is wrong with a sick person?
diagnose, prognosis, draw/take a sample, examine a patient, take an x-ray, do a test, test for, lab report, take someone's temperature, take someone's blood pressure, take someone's pulse, check-up, take a sample, specimen, 
(11) What words refer to telling a sick person what to do in order to get well?
prescribe, prescription, 
(12) What words refer to curing someone?
cure, make someone better, heal, fix, healing, rehabilitate, 
(13) What words refer to something that cures someone?
cure (n), remedy, antidote, curative, 
(14) What equipment is used to treat illness?
stethoscope, blood pressure cuff, scalpel, catheter, forceps, needle, syringe, IV, x-ray machine, x-ray, 
(15) What words refer to preventing disease?
hygiene, immunization, immunize, inoculate, inoculation, vaccinate, vaccination
Doctor, nurse
Use this domain for words referring to people who habitually take care of the sick and injured, such as those who do it for a living.
(1) What words refer to a person who takes care of the sick?
doctor, physician, general practitioner, the medical profession, family doctor, family practitioner, healer, 
(2) What words refer to medical specialists and their branch of medicine?
specialist, consultant, allergist, anesthesiologist, anesthesiology, cardiologist, cardiology, chiropractor, chiropractic, dermatologist, dermatology, endocrinologist, endocrinology, epidemiology, gastroenterologist, gastroenterology, gynecologist, gynecology, hematology, histology, homeopathist, homeopathy, immunologist, immunology, neonatologist, neonatology, nephrologist, nephrology, neurologist, neurology, obstetrician, obstetrics, oncologist, oncology, ophthalmologist, orthopedist, orthopedic surgeon, orthopedics, pediatrician, pediatrics, plastic surgeon, podiatry, proctologist, radiation oncologist, radiologist, radiology, radiotherapy, rheumatologist, rheumatology, surgeon, surgery, urologist
(3) What words refer to a doctor who treats mental illness?
psychiatrist, shrink, analyst, psychiatry, psychologist, psychoanalyst, psychoanalysis, psychotherapist, psychotherapy, 
(4) What words refer to a doctor who treats teeth?
dentist, dentistry, oral surgeon, 
(5) What words refer to someone who helps a doctor?
nurse, nursing, hygienist, hygiene, lab/medical technician, laboratory analysis, midwife, midwifery, orderly, pharmacist, pharmacology, speech therapist, speech therapy, therapist, therapy
(6) What words refer to someone who give emergency treatment to someone who has been injured?
medic, corpsman, ambulance driver, paramedic, 
(7) What words refer to a doctor who treats animals?
vet, veterinarian, 
(8) What words refer to a person who pretends to be a doctor?
quack
(9) What words refer to working as a doctor?
practice, doctor (v), be in medicine, 
(10) What words refer to going to a doctor?
go to the doctor, see a doctor, consult a doctor, 
Medicine
Use this domain for words related to medicine, types of medicine, and the application of medicine.
(1) What general words refer to medicine?
medicine, medication, medicinal, drug, narcotic, antidote, elixir, remedy, herb, 
(2) What are the names of particular types of medicine?
analgesic, antacid, antibiotic, antidote, antihistamine, antiseptic, antitoxin, aspirin, barbiturate, cathartic, chloroquine, drops, eye drops, emetic, iodine, immunization, inoculation, lozenge, painkiller, paregoric, penicillin, prophylactic, purgative, sedative, sleeping pill, stimulant, sulfa, tranquilizer, transfusion, Tylenol, vaccine, wine
(3) What words refer to medicine you put on your skin?
ointment, salve, liniment, lotion, poultice, balm, cream, 
(4) What words refer to medicine that you eat or drink?
tablet, pill, capsule, potion, syrup, tonic, 
(5) What words refer to medicine that is injected under the skin?
shot, injection, jab, 
(6) What words refer to giving medicine?
medicate, apply medicine/ointment, give a shot, inject someone with, vaccinate, immunize, inoculate, administer, prescribe medicine, apply a bandage, (cover oneself under steaming herbal medicine), massage, rub something in, 
(7) What words refer to taking medicine?
take something for, drink, swallow, 
(8) What words refer to some medicine that is given at one time?
dose, dosage, course of medicine, overdose, 
(9) What words refer to the equipment used to store and administer medicine?
medicine bottle, needle, syringe, IV, 
(10) What words refer to the written instructions a doctor gives about how much medicine to take?
prescription, prescribe, 
(11) What words refer to someone who makes and sells medicine?
chemist, pharmacist, druggist, pharmacy, herbalist, 
Medicinal plants
Use this domain for plants that are used for medicine.
(1) What words refer to a plant that is used as a medicine?
herb, herbal, 
(2) What plants are used as medicine?
poppy, pyrethrum, quinine, aloe
(3) What words are used to describe the properties of these plants?
medicinal, curative
Hospital
Use this domain for words that refer to a place where the sick and injured are treated.
(1) What words refer to a place where the sick and injured are treated?
hospital, infirmary, hospice, clinic, medical center, health center, doctor's office, the doctor's, dispensary, aid post/station, nursing home, 
(2) What words refer to a hospital for people who are mentally ill?
mental hospital, psychiatric hospital, institution, asylum, 
(3) What are the parts of a hospital?
ward, unit, operating room, operating theater, emergency room, casualty department, accident and emergency, lab, x-ray room, nurses' station, intensive care, surgery, waiting room, mortuary, morgue, 
(4) What words refer to a place where medicine is kept or given out?
pharmacy, medicine cabinet, 
(5) What words refer to a vehicle for transporting the injured?
ambulance, hospital ship
(6) What words refer to putting someone in the hospital?
hospitalize
(7) What words refer to a sick person in a hospital?
patient, inpatient, outpatient, 
(8) What words refer to being a patient in a hospital?
go to the hospital, have someone in, stay in the hospital, hospital stay, admit, discharge, 
Traditional medicine
Use this domain for words related to traditional medicine. There may be no distinction in terminology between 'modern medicine' and 'traditional medicine.' In that case this domain should be ignored. (Our purpose here is not to judge the value of traditional medicine, but to collect and describe the words used for it.)
(1) What words refer to the practice of traditional medicine?
traditional medicine, natural medicine
(2) What words refer to the types of treatment?
acupuncture, 
(3) What words refer to a person who practices traditional medicine?
medicine man, herbalist, shaman, 
(4) What words refer to the medicine used in traditional medicine?
potion, herb
Mental illness
Use this domain for words related to being mentally ill or disabled.
(1) What words describe someone who is mentally ill?
mentally ill, insane, mad, crazy, disturbed, mentally disabled, crackbrained, crazed, demonized, demon possessed, feeble minded, melancholic, neurotic, obsessive, paranoid, preoccupied, psychopathic, psychotic, retarded, catatonic, 
(2) What words describe an old person who has become mentally ill?
senile, confused, his mind is wandering, lose your marbles, 
(3) What words refer to mental illness?
mental illness, madness, insanity, dementia, demon possession, fixation, hypochondria, lunacy, mania, melancholia, neurosis, obsession, paranoia, psychosis, schizophrenia, senility
(4) What words refer to becoming mentally ill?
have a nervous breakdown, crack up, go mad, go insane, go crazy, go senile, develop a psychosis
(5) What words refer to something that causes mental illness?
brain injury, mental trauma, shock, 
(6) What words refer to partial or total mental disability?
mild retardation, severe retardation, vegetable, 
(7) What words refer to a mentally ill person?
madman, crazy man, hypochondriac, idiot, lunatic, maniac, possessed man, psychopath, schizophrenic, retard, 
(8) What words refer to someone who cares for mentally ill people?
psychologist, psychiatrist, exorcist, 
(9) What words refer to a hospital for mentally ill people?
insane asylum, 
(10) What words refer to someone who is normal and not mentally ill?
sane, sanity, of sound mind, 
Life
Use this domain for general words referring to being alive and to a person's lifetime.
(1) What words refer to being alive?
be alive, live, life, stay alive, be going strong, 
(2) What words describe someone who is alive?
living, alive, animate (adj), 
(3) What words refer to the process a person goes through from birth to death?
life, life cycle, cycle of life
(4) What words refer to the time when a person is alive?
life, lifetime, days, lifespan, life expectancy, 
(5) What words refer to causing someone to be alive?
animate (v), bring to life, give life to, give breath to, breathe life into, vivify
(6) What words refer to bringing a dead person back to life?
resurrect, resurrection, resuscitate, revive, rise again, rise from the dead, regenerate, bring back to life
(7) What words refer to keeping someone alive?
keep alive, life support, preserve, sustain, subsist on, 
(8) What words refer to living longer than someone else?
outlive, survive, 
(9) What words refer to having a particular kind of life?
a good/bad/hard life, a life of crime/poverty, a miserable/lonely existence, lead a good/bad/hard life, live well/happily, 
(10) What words refer to the kind of life a person lives?
way of life, lifestyle, 
(11) What words indicate that something is true of your whole life?
all your life, for life, lifelong, 
Marriage
Use this domain for words related to the state of being married.
(1) What words refer to marrying someone?
marry, marriage, get married, tie the knot, get hitched, join together, unite, wed, marry into, 
(2) What words refer to the state of being married?
married, marriage, matrimony, wedlock, hitched, bonds of marriage, married life, 
(3) What words refer to being married to someone?
be married to, 
(4) What words refer to people who are married?
couple, husband, wife, spouse, partner, mate, matron, matronly, consort, 
(5) What words are used of the relationship between a husband and wife?
wedded bliss, care for spouse, love, marriage relationship
(6) What words refer to marrying again after being widowed or divorced?
remarry, remarriage, 
(7) What words refer to marrying more than one person?
bigamy, bigamist, bigamous, concubinage, concubine, harem, polygamist, polygamous, polygamy, 
(8) What words refer to marrying only one person?
monogamous, monogamy, 
(9) What words refer to marrying someone from another tribe or race?
inter-racial marriage, miscegenation, 
(10) What words refer to living with someone without being married?
live with, cohabit, cohabitation, common-law marriage, 
(11) What words refer to marrying a close relative?
incest, intermarry, 
(12) What words refer to marrying your brother's widow?
levirate marriage
(13) What words describe something having to do with marriage?
married, marital, matrimonial, conjugal, nuptial, connubial, 
Arrange a marriage
Use this domain for all the words related to arranging a marriage. Cultures vary widely in their practices. In some cultures marriages are arranged by the parents. In other cultures a man must seek a wife for himself. Some cultures allow either practice or a combination of the two. So some of the questions below may be inappropriate to your culture.
(1) What words refer to the process of arranging a marriage?
arrange a marriage, arranged marriage, marriage negotiations, match, espousals, marry off, 
(2) What words refer to asking someone to marry you?
ask someone to marry you, propose, pop the question, proposal, 
(3) What words refer to formally agreeing to get married?
get engaged, engagement, set a date, 
(4) What words refer to an announcement of a proposed marriage?
wedding announcement, announce your engagement, banns, 
(5) What words refer to the state of being engaged to be married?
engaged, engagement, betrothed, betrothal, espoused, promised, 
(6) What words refer to the people who are engaged to be married?
fiancé, fiancée, engaged couple, bride-to-be, husband-to-be, 
(7) What words refer to a person who helps with the negotiations?
matchmaker, go-between
(8) What words refer to a gift or payment given to your future spouse or their family?
engagement ring, bride price, dowry
(9) What words refer to a man trying to get a woman to marry him?
court, courtship, woo, suit, suitor, date, flirt, 
(10) What words refer to the age at which a person can get married?
marriageable age, coming out party, eligible, nubile, 
(11) What words refer to marrying secretly?
elope, 
Wedding
Use this domain for words related to the wedding ceremony.
(1) What words refer to a wedding ceremony?
wedding, ceremony, service, nuptials, church wedding, civil service, 
(2) What words refer to getting married secretly?
elope, elopement, 
(3) What are the parts of a wedding ceremony?
procession, give (the bride) away, speech, wedding vows, pronouncement, reception, toast, 
(4) What words refer to the people who are getting married?
bride, bridal, groom, bridegroom, couple, bride and groom, 
(5) What other people are involved in a wedding?
best man, maid of honor, groomsman, bridesmaid, wedding party, guest
(6) What words refer to performing a wedding ceremony?
marry (the couple), perform the wedding, 
(7) What words refer to the person who performs a wedding ceremony?
minister, justice of the peace, 
(8) What special clothes are worn at a wedding?
wedding gown, veil
(9) What things are used in a wedding?
wedding ring, wedding cake, bride's bouquet, 
(10) What words refer to the time immediately after the wedding?
honeymoon, wedding night, consummation (of the marriage), 
(11) What words refer to the husband and wife after the wedding?
newlyweds, honeymooner, man and wife, 
(12) What words refer to the day of a wedding which is celebrated every year?
wedding anniversary, 
Unmarried
Use this domain for words related to being unmarried.
(1) What words refer to being unmarried?
single, unmarried, eligible, unwed, celibacy, celibate, 
(2) What words refer to a woman who is unmarried?
maid, maiden, maidenhood, maidenly, old maid, spinster, spinsterhood, virgin, 
(3) What words refer to a man who is unmarried?
bachelor, bachelorhood, 
Divorce
Use this domain for words related to divorce--to legally end your marriage.
(1) What words refer to divorcing your wife or husband?
get divorced, divorce (v), get a divorce, end in divorce, dissolution, dissolve, 
(2) What words refer to a divorce?
divorce (n), divorcement, 
(3) What words refer to a person who has been divorced?
divorcee, ex-husband, ex-wife, my ex, 
(4) What words describe someone who has been divorced?
divorced, estranged, 
(5) What words refer to a judge ending a marriage?
grant a divorce, annul, annulment, 
(6) What words refer to the legal process of divorcing your wife or husband?
certificate of divorce, writ of divorce, divorce papers, divorce court
(7) What words refer to leaving your husband or wife?
leave (your spouse), walk out on, leave (your spouse) for another man/woman, 
(8) What words refer to when a husband and wife no longer live together?
separate, separation, estrange, split up, break up (a marriage), live apart, 
(9) What words indicate who keeps the children?
get custody, alimony, 
Romantic love
Use this domain for words related to romantic love.
(1) What words refer to loving someone?
love, be in love, 
(2) What words refer to starting to love someone?
fall in love, love at first sight, be swept off your feet, be interested in, fancy, 
(3) What words refer loving someone very much?
be madly in love, be head over heels in love, infatuated, have a crush on, be mad about, be crazy about, be besotted, 
(4) What words refer to the feeling of love?
love, passion, romance, 
(5) What words describe something someone says or does when they love someone?
passionate, romantic, 
(6) What words refer to someone you love?
lovers, the one you love, the love of your life, 
(7) What words refer to doing something with someone you love?
date, go out with, see someone, ask out, ask someone for a date, 
(8) What do people call someone that they love?
love, dear, honey, darling, dearest, sweetheart, 
(9) What words refer to problems between people who love each other?
hurt someone, break someone's heart, grow apart, break up, 
(10) What words refer to loving each other again after having problems?
make up, get back together, 
Sexual relations
Use this domain for words related to sexual relations and having sex. Be careful that your domain label does not use a taboo word.
(1) What general words refer to sexual relations?
sex, intercourse, sexual relations, conjugal rights, marital rights, union, 
(2) What words refer to having sex with someone?
have sex with, have intercourse, make love, sleep with, go to bed with, lovemaking, coition, coitus, copulation, coupling, impregnate, mate, unite, 
(3) What words refer to affection and sexual stimulation?
stimulate, kiss, fondle, arousal, caress, climax, erection, eroticism, libido, mount, snog, pet, hug, embrace, cuddle, hold hands, 
(4) What words refer to orgasm?
orgasm, climax, ejaculate, ejaculation, come, semen, sperm, 
(5) What words describe something having to do with sex?
carnal, erotic, genital, heterosexual, phallic, sexual, sexuality, sexually, venereal, 
(6) What words describe someone who wants to have sex?
amorous, aroused, in the mood, turned on, 
(7) What words refer to something used to increase sexual pleasure?
aphrodisiac, 
(8) What words refer to two people who are having sex?
lovers, 
(9) What words describe a person who has difficulty having sex?
impotence, impotent, frigid, frigidity, 
(10) What words refer to being friends, but not having sex?
platonic, be just good friends, 
Virginity
Use this domain for words related to being a virgin--a person who has never had sex.
(1) What words refer to a person who has never had sex?
virgin, virginity, celibate, 
(2) What words refer to maintaining your virginity?
abstain (from sex), abstinence, restraint, celibacy, chastity, continence, honor, purity, virtue, 
(3) What words refer to no longer being a virgin?
lose your virginity, become sexually active, have sex for the first time
Attract sexually
Use this domain for words related to attracting someone sexually--to cause someone to want to have sex with you, and for words related to being sexually attracted to someone--to want to have sex with someone.
(1) What words refer to attracting someone sexually?
attract, be attractive to, appeal to, tempt, seduce, draw, lure, act sexy, excite, turn someone on, titillate, flirt, flirtatious, 
(2) What words refer to being sexually attracted to someone?
be attracted to, fancy, be interested in, want, lust after, take a fancy to, 
(3) What words refer to wanting to have sex?
sex drive, desire, lust (v), want someone, lustful, libido, horny, randy, 
(4) What words refer to the feeling of being sexually attracted?
attraction, lust (n), passion, 
(5) What words describe someone who is sexually attractive?
sexy, attractive, desirable, voluptuous, sultry, alluring, luscious, appealing, beautiful, allure, sensual, sensuous, good-looking, glamorous, seductive, handsome, tempting, irresistible, enticing, 
(6) What words describe something someone does to attract someone?
sexy, provocative, seductive, suggestive, sensual, be a turn-on, erotic, 
(7) What words refer to a quality a person has that makes them attractive?
looks, sex appeal, beauty, attraction, appeal, the lure of, charm, attractiveness, prettiness, sensuality, 
(8) What words describe someone who is not attractive?
unattractive, be a turn-off, sexless, 
Sexual immorality
Use this domain for words referring to illicit sexual relations.
(1) What general words refer to sexual immorality?
immorality, illicit relations, sexual sin, lasciviousness, licentiousness, obscenity, 
(2) What words refer to someone who is sexually immoral?
sex maniac, dirty old man, lecherous, nymphomaniac, sex fiend, libertine, 
(3) What words describe someone who is sexual immoral?
bawdry, erotic, immoral, kinky, licentious, lustful, sensuous, voluptuous, indecent, obscene, 
(4) What words refer to sex before marriage?
fornicate, fornication, deflower (a virgin), 
(5) What words refer to sexual offenses within a marriage?
abuse, 
(6) What words refer to sex with a person you are not married to?
commit adultery, adultery, be unfaithful, cheat on, two-time, sow wild oats, infidelity, 
(7) What words refer to a person who commits adultery?
adulterer, adulteress, sexual partner, lover, mistress, 
(8) What words refer to tempting someone to have sex outside of marriage?
seduce, get someone into bed, seductive, seduction, make advances, make a pass at, sexual harassment, 
(9) What words refer to an ongoing relationship outside of marriage?
affair, relationship, be together, romance, 
(10) What words refer to a single time of adultery?
one night stand
(11) What words refer to having sex with many people?
sleep around, promiscuous, promiscuity, 
(12) What words refer to a prostitute?
prostitute, hooker, call-girl, harlot, whore, rent boy, 
(13) What words refer to what prostitutes do?
prostitute (oneself), prostitution, solicit sex, sell (oneself)
(14) What words refer to having sex by yourself?
masturbate, masturbation, 
(15) What words describe books and movies that are about sex?
erotic, pornographic, pornography, porn, adult, blue, dirty, steamy, raunchy, X-rated, 
(16) What words refer to sex between close relatives?
have an incestuous relationship, incest
(17) What words refer to forcing a woman to have sex?
rape, rapist, force, sexually assault, 
(18) What words refer to sex between two people of the same sex?
homosexual, gay, lesbian, homo, homosexuality, lesbianism, pervert, perverted, bisexual, sodomy, sexual orientation, 
(19) What words refer to having sex with a child?
abuse, sexual abuse, molest, molestation, pedophile, pederast, pederasty, 
(20) What words refer to sex with an animal?
bestial, bestiality
Birth
Use this domain for words related to giving birth and being born.
(1) What words refer to a mother giving birth?
have a baby, give birth, become a mother, bear a child, deliver, hatch, 
(2) What words refer to a baby being born?
be born, birth, arrive, arrival, come along, come into the world, 
(3) What words refer to the event of giving birth?
birth, childbirth, birthing, childbed, parturition, nativity, 
(4) What are the steps or stages in giving birth?
labor, birth, first breath, tie the umbilical cord, cut the umbilical cord, 
(5) What words refer to what is done for the baby?
wash (the baby), anoint, swaddle (wrap in cloth), 
(6) What words describe something to do with birth?
maternity, postnatal, 
(7) What words refer to the entire process of producing a baby?
reproduce, breed, reproduction, 
(8) What words refer to having your first baby?
start a family, 
Pregnancy
Use this domain for words related to being pregnant.
(1) What words refer to a man causing a woman to become pregnant?
beget, begetting, begotten, impregnate, get (her) pregnant, father (v) a child, procreate, procreation, reproduce, sire, engender, generate, 
(2) What words refer to a woman becoming pregnant?
conceive, conception, become pregnant
(3) What words refer to a woman being pregnant?
be pregnant, be going to have a baby, be having a baby, be expecting, bear, carry, carry to term, 
(4) What words describe a woman who is pregnant?
pregnant, big as a house, expectant, expecting, 
(5) What words refer to the time period when a woman is pregnant?
pregnancy, gestation period, term, full term, trimester, antenatal, prenatal, 
(6) What words refer to what a baby does?
kick, turn, drop, 
(7) What words refer to the part from the father and the part from the mother that make a baby?
egg, sperm, gamete, ovum, gene, 
Fetus
Use this domain for words related to a fetus--a baby that has not been born yet.
(1) What words refer to an unborn baby?
unborn child, unborn baby, fetus, embryo, 
(2) What words refer to the parts that surround a baby and connect it to its mother's womb?
umbilical cord, placenta, placental, sack, fluid, afterbirth, 
Miscarriage
Use this domain for words related to the prevention or termination of a pregnancy, and for words related to killing babies.
(1) What words refer to preventing pregnancy?
birth control, family planning, contraception, sterilize, sterilization, vasectomy, 
(2) What things are used to prevent pregnancy?
contraceptive, condom, the pill, 
(3) What words refer to a baby dying before birth?
lose the baby, miscarry, have a miscarriage, stillborn, stillbirth
(4) What words refer to killing a baby before birth?
abortion, abort, have an abortion, terminate a pregnancy, 
(5) What words refer to killing a baby after birth?
infanticide
Labor and birth pains
Use this domain for words related to labor and birth pains.
(1) What general words refer to the process leading up to birth?
labor
(2) What words refer to the feelings a woman has when she thinks she is beginning to go into labor?
false labor, early labor
(3) What are the signs that a woman is going into labor?
break the waters
(4) What words refer to the contractions of the muscles of the uterus?
contraction, push, bear down
(5) What words refer to labor pains?
labor pains, birth pain, birth pangs, throe, 
(6) What do women do while suffering birth pains?
groan, cry out
Help to give birth
Use this domain for words related to helping a woman to give birth.
(1) What words refer to giving help to a woman who is giving birth?
deliver, delivery, help to give birth, midwifery, obstetrics, 
(2) What words refer to a doctor operating on a woman to deliver a baby?
Caesarean, 
(3) What words refer to a person who helps to give birth?
midwife, obstetrician
(4) What materials and instruments are used by obstetricians and midwives?
knife, clamp, forceps, incubator, 
Unusual birth
Use this domain for words related to an unusual birth.
(1) What words refer to giving birth early?
be premature
(2) What words refer to a difficult birth?
difficult birth, hard labor
(3) What words refer to a mother who dies while giving birth?
die in childbirth
Multiple births
Use this domain for words related to multiple births--when a woman give birth to more than one baby at the same time.
(1) What words refer to the number of babies born at the same time?
single birth, twins, triplets, quadruplets, quintuplets
Fertile, infertile
Use this domain for words related to being unable to have children.
(1) What words refer to having many children?
fertile, breed, multiply, propagate, have many children, have a big family, fecund, fecundity, prolific, 
(2) What words refer to being able to have children?
fertile, be able to have children, fertility, 
(3) What words refer to being unable to have children?
be unable to have children, infertile, sterile, barren, childless, sterility, unfruitful, impotence, impotent, infertility, 
Birth ceremony
Use this domain for words related to a birth ceremony.
(1) What words refer to a ceremony celebrating a child's birth?
birth ceremony, christening, naming ceremony, baptism
(2) What words refer to the day a person was born?
birthday
(3) What words refer to a yearly celebration of a person's birth?
birthday party
Stage of life
Use this domain for words referring to a stage of life--a time period in a person's life.
(1) What words refer to the time periods of a person's life?
stage of life, time of life, phase
Baby
Use this domain for words related to a baby.
(1) What words refer to a very small child?
newborn, baby, babe, infant, nursling, toddler, two-year-old, three-year-old, ankle-biter, 
(2) What words refer to the time period when a person is a baby?
infancy, babyhood
(3) What words refer to a baby moving?
crawl, wiggle, turn over, sit up, toddle, 
(4) What words refer something coming out of a baby's mouth?
drool, dribble, spit up, burp, 
(5) What sounds do babies make?
cry, babble, coo, baby talk, 
Care for a baby
Use this domain for words related to caring for a baby.
(1) What words refer to caring for a baby?
care for, watch, baby-sit, 
(2) What words refer to feeding a baby?
breastfeed, nurse, feed, wean, suck, suckle, 
(3) What things are used to feed a baby?
breast milk, milk, bottle, baby food, bib, highchair, 
(4) What words refer to holding a baby?
hold, cradle (in arms), rock, 
(5) What words refer to comforting a baby when it is crying?
comfort, soothe, cuddle, 
(6) What words refer to carrying a baby?
carry in arms, carry on back
(7) What things are used to carry a baby?
baby carriage, pram, stroller, backpack, car seat, carrycot, 
(8) Where are babies put?
crib, cradle, playpen, 
(9) What words refer to a baby urinating or defecating?
wet, urinate, defecate, potty,
(10) What words refer to cleaning a baby?
change someone's diaper, diaper, nappy, bathe, baby powder, baby lotion, 
(11) What toys are given to a baby?
rattle, pacifier, dummy, 
(12) What words refer to protecting a baby?
amulet, evil eye, 
Child
Use this domain for words related to a child.
(1) What words refer to a child (from birth to puberty)?
child, children, kid, youngster, boy, girl, brat, small fry, imp, infant, juvenile, minor, offspring, progeny, schoolchild, squirt, tad, urchin, weanling, 
(2) What words refer to the time period when a person is a child?
childhood
(3) What words describe a child?
young, little, small, underage, 
(4) What words describe something to do with children?
child (adj), childish, juvenile, 
Rear a child
Use this domain for words related to rearing a child--to take care of someone while they are a child so that their needs are met and they become a good person.
(1) What general words refer to rearing a child?
bring up, raise, rear, have custody, parent (v) a child, mother (v) a child, child-rearing, 
(2) What words refer to caring for a child's needs?
care for, take care of, 
(3) What words refer to teaching and training a child?
teach, train, upbringing, 
(4) What words refer to disciplining a child?
discipline, correct
(5) What words refer to rearing a child well?
well brought up, 
(6) What words refer to not rearing a child well?
neglect, abuse, spoil, deprive, 
(7) What words refer to rearing a child who is not your own?
adopt, foster, guardian, 
(8) What words refer to taking care of a child while their parents are doing something else?
look after, mind (a child), keep an eye on, baby-sit, sit, take care of, childcare, 
(9) What words refer to someone who cares for a child?
nurse, nursemaid, guardian, nanny, babysitter, sitter, child minder, 
(10) What words refer to a place where children are cared for?
nursery, crèche, childcare facility, 
Youth
Use this domain for words referring to a youth.
(1) What words refer to a youth (between puberty and adulthood)?
youth, teenager, adolescent, minor, young man, young woman, young people, damsel, the young, the youth of, 
(2) What words refer to the time period when a person is a youth?
youth, adolescence, in your teens, teenage years, 
(3) What words refer to when a child becomes sexually active?
puberty, childbearing age, become sexually active
(4) What words describe a person who is not yet an adult?
immature, callow, young, 
(5) What words describe something to do with young people?
youth (adj), juvenile, teenage, adolescent, 
Adult
Use this domain for words referring to an adult.
(1) What words refer to an adult?
adult, man, woman, grown-up, grown man, grown woman, 
(2) What words refer to time periods of adulthood?
adulthood, maturity, prime, adult life, midlife crisis, over the hill, middle age, middle-aged
(3) What words refer to becoming an adult?
come of age, grow up, mature (v), reach majority, settle down, 
(4) What words refer to the time period during which a woman can become pregnant?
childbearing years, 
(5) What words refer to the time when a woman can no longer become pregnant?
(6) What words describe a person who has become an adult?
full-grown, fully grown, grown, grown-up (adj), mature, 
(7) What words describe something that has to do with adults rather than children?
adult (adj), grown-up (adj), mature (adj), 
Old person
Use this domain for words related to old age and older persons?
(1) What words refer to an old person?
old man, old woman, elder, senior citizen, senior, old people, the old, 
(2) What words refer to becoming old?
age (v), get old, grow old, mature, be getting on, aging, not be as young as you were, 
(3) What words describe an old person?
old, elderly, aged, ancient, up in years, retired, 
(4) What words describe a person who looks old?
wrinkled, wizened, gray, show your age, look your age, 
(5) What words refer to the time period of old age?
old age, twilight years, 
(6) What words refer to being too old to do something?
be past it, be over the hill, be a bit long in the tooth, 
(7) What words refer to when an old person can no longer work?
retire, retirement, retired, retiree, pension, pensioner, old age pensioner, 
(8) What words refer to being old but still able to do things?
going strong, 
(9) What problems do the elderly have?
senile, senility, declining health, aging process, 
(10) What words refer to caring for an old person?
elder care, retirement center, old folks home, nursing home, 
(11) What words describe something to do with old people?
geriatric, senior, 
Grow, get bigger
Use this domain for words referring to people, animals, or plants growing and getting bigger.
(1) What words refer to growing bigger?
grow, get taller, bet bigger, develop, increase in size, mature, grow up, 
(2) What words describe something that is growing?
growing, 
(3) What words refer to growing quickly or well?
flourish, thrive, shoot up, 
(4) What words describe something that has finished growing?
fully grown, adult, mature, grown up, fully developed, 
(5) What words describe something that has not yet finished growing?
immature, 
(6) What words refer to the process of growing?
growth, development, maturation, 
Initiation
Use this domain for words related to initiation rites--a ceremony when a child becomes an adult.
(1) What words refer to initiation rites?
initiation, bar mitzvah, 
(2) What words refer to initiating a child into adulthood?
initiate (v), 
(3) What words refer to the steps or parts of the initiation rites?
(4) What words refer to a person who is being initiated?
initiate (n), 
(5) What words refer to the time when a child is initiated?
coming of age
Peer group
Use this domain for words referring to a peer group--all the people who were born during the same time period.
(1) What words refer to people born during the same time period?
same age, age mate, generation, peer, peer group, age group
(2) What words do you use when you talk to someone in your peer group?
mate, 
Male, female
Use this domain for words referring to male and female people.
(1) What general words refer to the difference between male and female?
sex, gender, male, female
(2) What pairs of words refer to male and female people?
the sexes, male and female, men and women, boys and girls, ladies and gentlemen, guys and gals, 
(3) What words refer to something (such as a plant) that is neither male nor female?
asexual, sexless
(4) What words refer to something (such as a plant) that is both male and female?
androgynous, bisexual, hermaphrodite, hermaphroditic, 
(5) What words describe something to do with the sex of a person?
sexual, 
(6) What words describe a school or organization that includes males and females?
mixed, coed, 
(7) What words describe a school or organization that includes only males or females?
single-sex, 
(8) What words refer to a person of the other sex?
the opposite sex, 
(9) What words refer to problems between men and women?
sexual equality, sexual discrimination, sexism, sexist, male chauvinism, male chauvinist, feminism, feminist, 
Man
Use this domain for words referring to a man or any male person.
(1) What words refer to a man?
man, guy, bloke, chap, fellow, gentleman, male, men folk, 
(2) What words refer to a young man?
boy, lad, youth, young man, schoolboy, little shaver, 
(3) What words describe a man?
cad, chesty, dandified, dandy, fatherly, foppish, fox, gentlemanly, rake, stud, 
(4) What words describe a man who acts like a man?
masculine, virile, manly, macho, he-man, 
(5) What words describe a man who acts like a boy or a woman?
boyish, childish, effeminate, milksop, mincing, sissified, sissy, unmanly, wimp, womanish
(6) What words describe something to do with men?
male, masculine, 
(7) What words refer to whether or not a man is married?
bachelor, castrated, celibate, divorcé, eunuch, widower, 
(8) What do you call a man when you talk to him?
sir, Mr., mate, buddy, mister, sire, lord, 
Woman
Use this domain for words referring to a woman or any female person.
(1) What words refer to a woman?
woman, lady, female, gal, belle, chick, dame, frau, gentlewoman, mistress, senorita, squaw, wench, womenfolk, 
(2) What words refer to a young woman?
girl, lass, young woman, schoolgirl, 
(3) What words describe a woman?
bitch, busty, catty, curvaceous, dish, distaff, doll, estrous, girlish, hag, hussy, maidenly, menopausal, shrew, slatternly, slattern, slut, unfeminine, unladylike, virginal, womanish, womanlike, 
(4) What words describe a woman who acts like a woman?
feminine, ladylike, womanly, femininity, 
(5) What words describe a woman who acts like a man?
mannish, tomboy, tomboyish, 
(6) What words describe something to do with women?
female, feminine, women's
(7) What words refer to whether or not a woman is married?
wife, virgin, old maid, maiden, divorcée, lesbian, 
(8) What do you call a woman when you talk to her?
madam, ma'am, Miss, Mrs., Ms., lady, Lady, 
Die
Use this domain for words related to dying.
(1) What general words refer to dying?
die, expire, 
(2) What words refer to dying as a result of illness or old age?
pass away, pass on, go, kick the bucket, snuff it, 
(3) What words refer to dying as a result of an accident or violence?
be killed, accidental death, death by misadventure, violent death, lose your life, perish, suffer heavy losses, 
(4) What euphemisms and idioms are used to refer to death?
go to your reward, be wasted, fall asleep, croak, depart, breathe your last, defunct, grim reaper
(5) What words are used to describe the manner in which someone dies?
drop dead, keel over, slow death, sudden death, painful death, excruciating death, gruesome death, horrible death, die quietly, die peacefully, die with boots on, die fighting, fade away, succumb (to illness), drown, drowning, asphyxiate, suffocate, choke to death, sacrifice, succumb (to a disease), suffocate, suffocation, starvation, starve, starve to death, burn to death, freeze to death, 
(6) What words refer to dying when you are still young?
die young, be cut off in your prime, untimely death, 
(7) What words refer to dying to save someone?
die for, give your life, lay down your life, martyr, 
(8) What words describe someone who is almost dead?
dying, be close to death, about to die, on death's doorstep, be at death's door, have one foot in the grave, 
(9) What words refer to the event of dying?
death, demise, mortality, 
(10) What words refer to someone who has died?
deceased, dead person, goner, dearly departed, casualty, fatality, the dead, 
(11) What words describe someone who is dead?
dead, deceased, stone-dead, dead as a doornail, late, lifeless, 
(12) What words refer to the number of people who die from the same cause?
death toll, fatalities, loss of life, 
(13) What words refer to losing someone in death?
lose (someone), loss, bereaved, be widowed, be orphaned, 
(14) What words describe an illness or wound that will cause the person to die?
fatal, terminal, 
Kill
Use this domain for words related to killing someone--to cause someone to die.
(1) What general words refer to killing someone?
kill, murder, assassinate, bump off, do away with, finish someone off, take someone's life, dispatch, dispose, finish, eliminate, liquidate, commit murder, waste, zap, slay, snuff, send to Davy Jones locker, lynch, silence, terminate, 
(2) What words describe the manner of killing someone?
shoot, gun down, blow someone away, stab, stab someone to death, butcher, behead, decapitate, beat someone to death, asphyxiate, choke, garrote, strangle, suffocate, throttle, smother, stifle, crucify, drown, electrocute, hang, hanging, poison, stone, starve, 
(3) What words refer to the act of killing someone?
murder (n), homicide, killing, assassination, foul play, capital crime, beheading, bloodshed, butchery, crucifixion, decapitation, electrocution, fratricide, immolation, infanticide, liquidation, manslaughter, martyrdom, matricide, patricide, regicide, shooting, slaying, strangulation, smothering, suffocation, terrorism, 
(4) What words refer to the government killing someone because they committed a crime?
execute, put someone to death, sentence someone to death, capital punishment, the death penalty, capital offence, capital crime, punishable by death, execution, condemned, be on death row, 
(5) What words refer to killing many people?
massacre, slaughter, exterminate, annihilate, wipe out, bloody, 
(6) What words refer to the killing of many people?
massacre (n), slaughter, carnage, genocide, mass murder, ethnic cleansing, annihilation, blood-bath, extermination, holocaust, pogrom, 
(7) What words refer to killing yourself?
kill yourself, commit suicide, take your own life, end it all, suicide, suicidal, be a suicide, do away with yourself, 
(8) What words refer to trying to kill someone?
attempted murder, attempt on someone's life, 
(9) What words refer to someone who kills another person?
murderer, killer, assassin, hitman, slayer, executioner, hangman, liquidator, murderess, slaughterer, slayer, terrorist, strangler, 
(10) What words describe someone who wants to kill someone?
homicidal, murderous, 
(11) What words refer to the person who was killed?
martyr, murdered man/woman, victim, fatality, 
(12) What words refer to a person killed in war?
killed in action, casualty, casualty of war, civilian casualty, collateral damage, 
(13) What words refer to something used to kill someone?
murder weapon, 
(14) What words describe something that can kill someone?
fatal, killer, mortal, lethal, deadly, poisonous, toxic, 
(15) What words refer to something such as an accident or disease killing someone?
kill, kill off, cause death, be a killer, destroy, decimate, wipe out, 
(16) What words refer to doing something that might result in your death?
risk your life, 
(17) What words refer to doing something that results in your death?
cost you your life, 
(18) What words refer to killing an animal?
slaughter, destroy, put down, put away, put something out of it misery, 
Corpse
Use this domain for words referring to a corpse--the body of a person who has died.
(1) What words refer to a dead body?
body, dead body, corpse, cadaver, stiff, carcass, carrion, mummy, 
(2) What words refer to a dead body decaying?
decay, decompose, rot, return to dust, eaten by worms, corrupt, putrid, putrefy, 
(3) What words refer to a body after it has decayed?
remains, bones, skeleton, 
Funeral
Use this domain for words related to a funeral and other things that are done after a person dies.
(1) What words refer to a funeral?
funeral, wake, graveside service, burial service, last rites
(2) What words refer to holding a funeral?
perform a funeral, hold a memorial service, 
(3) What words refer to notifying people that someone has died?
death notice, send death notice, 
(4) What words refer to something someone says about a dead person?
obituary, eulogy, epitaph, 
(5) What are the parts or stages of a funeral?
eulogy, dirge, fire a salute, lower the flag, half mast, play taps, toll the bell
(6) What words refer to something that is made or done to remind people of the person who died?
memorial, monument, in memory of, 
Mourn
Use this domain for words related to mourning a death--to feel bad because someone died and to show this feeling in various ways. Include whatever cultural practices are used.
(1) What words refer to mourning a death?
grieve, be in mourning, mourn, lament, bemoan, mourning, lamentation, grief, sorrow, 
(2) What noises do people make to show they are mourning?
bewail, crying, groan, moan, sigh, wail, weep, 
(3) What special music is played?
death chant, dirge, funeral march, 
(4) What words refer to someone who is mourning?
mourner, 
(5) What special clothes are worn?
dress in black, funeral clothes, black veil
(6) What do people do to show they are mourning?
beat their breast, tear their clothes, shave their head, put ashes on their head
Bury
Use this domain for words related to disposing of a dead body. Different cultures have practices other than burying a body in the ground. Include words for all practices used by the culture.
(1) What words refer to burying a dead body?
bury, burial, inter, interment, lay to rest, entomb
(2) What steps are involved in preparing a body for burial?
burial arrangements, wash (the body), wrap, anoint
(3) What words refer to a person who prepares a body for burial?
embalmer, undertaker, mortician, gravedigger, funeral director, 
(4) Where are bodies prepared for burial?
morgue, mortuary, crematorium, 
(5) What is used to protect a body?
grave clothes, shroud, coffin, casket, sarcophagus, urn
(6) What is used to carry a body?
pall, bier, hearse
(7) What words refer to burning a body?
cremate, cremation, pyre, ashes
(8) What words refer to leaving a body outside?
expose (a body), funeral platform, left to rot
(9) What words refer to preserving a dead body?
embalm, mummify, mummy, 
Grave
Use this domain for words related to a grave--the place where a dead body is put.
(1) What words refer to the place where a body is placed?
grave, tomb, burial plot, sepulcher, vault, crypt, barrow, 
(2) What words refer to a place where many bodies are buried?
cemetery, churchyard, graveyard, mausoleum, mass grave, burial ground, charnel house, 
(3) What words refer to a marker of a grave?
grave marker, gravestone, headstone, tombstone, slab, memorial, monument, epitaph
Inherit
Use this domain for words related to inheriting something from your parents after they die.
(1) What words refer to inheriting something?
inherit, receive an inheritance, succeed to, 
(2) What words refer to someone who inherits something?
heir, heiress, beneficiary, 
(3) What words refer to something that is inherited?
inheritance, estate, legacy, 
(4) What words refer to a will?
will, last will and testament, probate
(5) What words refer to the process of making a will?
make a will, draw up a will, plan your estate, estate planning, testate, intestate, 
(6) What words refer to someone who makes a will?
testator, 
(7) What words refer to giving something to someone in your will?
leave, bequeath, will (v), hand down, 
(8) What words refer to the person who distributes the property?
executor, 
(9) What words refer to the right to inherit something?
birthright, 
Life after death
Use this domain for words related to life after death.
(1) What words refer to life after death?
life after death, afterlife, immortality, the life beyond, life beyond the grave, 
(2) What words refer to person after they die?
ghost, spirit, 
(3) What words refer to the place where dead people are?
netherworld, heaven, hell, 
(4) What words refer to caring for the spirit of a dead person?
offer a sacrifice, pray for the dead, keep someone's memory alive, 
(5) What words refer to not living on after death?
oblivion, end of existence, finality of death, 
Language and thought
Use this domain for general words referring to mental and verbal activity. This domain is primarily for grouping many related domains. Therefore there may be no general word in a language to cover such a broad area of meaning.
(1) What general words refer to mental and verbal activity?
psychology, life of the soul
Soul, spirit
Use this domain for general words related to the immaterial, non-physical part of a person, as opposed to the body.
(1) What words refer to the immaterial part of a person?
soul, spirit, spiritual, psyche, psychological, psychology, internal makeup, inside, inward, conscious self, consciousness, ego, essence, humanity, id, self, subconscious, superego, unconscious, 
(2) What words refer to the part of a person that thinks and knows?
mind, intellect, mental faculty, reason, reasoning, sense, thinking, thought, thoughts, 
(3) What words refer to the part of a person that wants and decides?
will, volition
(4) What words refer to the part of a person that feels?
heart, breast, emotions, emotional makeup, feeling, feelings, sensitivity, gut, 
(5) What words refer to the part of a person that affects his behavior?
personality, character, conscience, disposition, nature, tendency, 
Personality
Use this domain for words that describe a person's personality (the way he usually thinks, talks, and how he acts with other people).
(1) What general words refer to a person's personality?
personality, manner, character, 
(2) What words describe personality traits?
introvert, extrovert, outgoing, shy, quiet, sociable, talkative, vivacious, intense, easy-going, down-to-earth, homespun, melancholic, phlegmatic, choleric, sanguine, logical, emotional, unemotional, impulsive, cool-headed, even keeled, flamboyant
Mental state
Use this domain for words referring to a person's mental state.
(1) What general words refer to a person's mental state?
mental state, mental condition, conscious state
Alert
Use this domain for words referring to a mental state when the mind is working hard.
(1) What words refer to an alert mental state?
be on your guard, beware, take heed, be on the lookout, watch, 
(2) What words describe someone who is alert?
alert, watchful, vigilant, keep your eyes peeled, aware, clear headed, coherent, wary, mindful, responsive, sensitive, 
(3) What words describe someone who is not alert?
unaware, mindless, unmindful, bored, disregard, flighty, heedless, oblivious, 
Notice
Use this domain for words related to noticing something.
(1) What words refer to noticing something?
notice, spot, become aware, detect, note, perceive, observe, conscious of, catch someone's eye, take note, 
(2) What words describe someone who is good at noticing things?
observant, perceptive, eagle-eyed, have eyes like a hawk, have eyes in the back of your head, powers of observation
(3) What words refer to not noticing something?
not notice, miss, overlook, fail to notice, escape someone's notice, unnoticed, go unnoticed
(4) What words describe someone who is not good at noticing things?
unobservant, unperceptive, oblivious, can't see the forest for the trees, got your head in the clouds
(5) What words refer to trying to get someone to notice something?
call attention to, bring something to someone's attention, point out
(6) What words refer to trying to get someone to not notice something?
distract, 
Attention
(1) What words refer to paying attention?
pay attention, keep your mind on, take note, attentive, devote attention to, 
(2) What words refer to paying a lot of attention to something?
pay close attention, concentrate, concentration, give something your undivided attention, 
(3) What words refer to paying attention to something?
pay attention to, devote attention to, turn your attention to, focus on, concentrate on, give something/someone your undivided attention, attend to, 
(4) What words refer to paying too much attention to something?
be engrossed in, be wrapped up in, be absorbed in, be immersed in, immerse yourself in, preoccupied, 
(5) What words refer to stop paying attention?
turn off, switch off, 
(6) What words refer to not paying attention?
not pay attention, daydream, be miles away, your mind wanders, inattentive, pay very little attention, mind is elsewhere, ignore, take no notice, goes in one ear and out the other, 
(7) What words refer to making someone pay attention to you?
get attention, attract attention, draw attention to yourself, 
(8) What words refer to making someone pay attention to something?
draw attention to, call attention to, bring something to someone's attention, point out, focus attention on, highlight, 
(9) What words refer to receiving a lot of attention from people?
get attention, attract attention, attention, be the center of attention, be the focus of attention, 
(10) What words refer to trying to stop someone from paying attention to something?
distract someone's attention, divert attention, distracted, distraction, diversion, 
(11) What words refer to trying to prevent people from paying attention to you?
not want to draw attention to yourself, keep a low profile, low key, 
(12) What words refer to paying attention to more than one thing?
attention is divided, 
Ignore
Use this domain for words related to ignoring someone--to not look at, listen to, or talk to someone because you think they are not important or you don't like them.
(1) What words refer to ignoring someone?
ignore, not pay any attention to, pay no attention to, not take any notice of, take no notice of, don't mind me/her/them, shrug off, not want to know, take someone for granted, avoid, refuse to acknowledge, don't greet
(2) What words refer to ignoring something someone says to you?
ignore, disregard, not take any notice of, not listen to, fall on deaf ears, 
(3) What words refer to ignoring something bad that is happening?
overlook, let it pass, turn a blind eye, shut your eyes to, close your eyes, bury your head in the sand, 
(4) What words refer to ignoring someone by rudely pretending not to see them?
pretend not to notice, pretend not to see, look right through, snub, cut someone dead, shut out, 
(5) What words refer to a person in authority ignoring what is good for the people under them?
trample on, trample underfoot, ride roughshod over, 
Think
Use this domain for words related to thinking, thought processes, and kinds of thinking.
(1) What general words refer to thinking?
think, 
(2) What words refer to thinking something?
think (that), have a thought, come to, come to mind, enter your mind, enter your head, cross your mind, hit on, occur to, present itself, spring to mind, strike, wonder, 
(3) What words refer to a single thought?
thought, concept, consideration, fact, idea, image, notion, opinion, sentiment, syllogism, 
Mind
Use this domain for general words referring to the mind--the part of a person that thinks.
(1) What words refer to the mind?
mind, intellect, intelligence, reason, understanding, brain, head
Think about
Use this domain for words related to thinking about something for some time.
(1) What words refer to thinking about something for a period of time?
think about, brood, cogitate, consider, give consideration to, contemplate, meditate, muse, mull over, occupy your mind, ponder, reconsider, reflect, reflection, ruminate, speculate, study, weigh, wonder, go around in your mind, do some thinking, keep your mind on, have something on your mind, deduce, deduction, induction, inductive, logic, apply yourself, pay attention, bethink, conclude, observe, process, reason, theorize, 
(2) What words refer to thinking carefully?
attend, attention, beware, careful, caution, cautious, concentrate, concentration, concern, concerned, consider, consideration, foresight, guard, intentional, interest, occupy, precaution, provident, prudent, purposeful, refuse, regard, tend, think thoroughly, give thought, thoughtful, think hard, 
(3) What words refer to not thinking carefully?
careless, casual, dismiss, disregard, incautious, neglect, overlook, shrug, wing it
(4) What words refer to thinking about what is good for someone?
be concerned about, care about
(5) What words refer to thinking before making a decision?
think about, look at, think over, consider, think something out, think twice, think of, take into consideration, take into account, 
(6) What words refer to a series of thoughts?
line of thought, line of thinking, train of thought, reasoning, 
(7) What words refer to thinking about something again?
think again, reconsider, change your mind, on second thought, on reflection
(8) What words refer to the thoughts a person is thinking at a particular time?
thinking, 
(9) What words refer to thinking about many things?
mind is full
(10) What words refer to the way a person thinks about something?
attitude, logic, outlook, perspective, thoughtful, view
(11) What words describe the way a person thinks?
clear, cogent, concise, observant, 
(12) What words refer to trying not to think about something?
ignore, try to forget, put out of your mind, empty your mind
(13) What words refer to stopping thinking about something?
drop (a line of thought), distract, distraction, take your mind off
(14) What words refer to failing to think about what you are doing?
unthinking, unintentional, thoughtless, mindless
(15) What words refer to a person who thinks a lot?
thinker, brain, intellectual, philosopher, 
Imagine
Use this domain for imagining things--to think about something that does not exist, or to think about something happening that has never happened.
(1) What words refer to imagining things?
imagine, conceive of, dream up, envisage, hypothesize, invent, picture (in your mind), form a picture, make up, see, suppose, think of, think up, visualize, 
(2) What words refer to imagining something that you would like to do?
daydream (v), dream about, dream of, fantasize, live in a fantasy world, 
(3) What words refer to imagining things that do not exist?
imagine, be in the mind, be in your mind, be seeing things, hallucinate, 
(4) What words refer to the ability to imagine?
imagination, vivid imagination, fertile imagination, creativity, inventiveness, vision, 
(5) What words refer to a person who imagines?
creative genius, dreamer, visionary, 
(6) What words describe someone who imagines?
imaginative, creative (person), 
(7) What words refer to something that someone imagines?
image, conception, conceptualization, creation, daydream (n), dream, fancy, flight of fancy, fantasy, fiction, figment of your imagination, hallucination, hypothesis, invention, make believe, picture, unreality, vision, visualization, 
(8) What words describe something that someone has imagined?
imaginary, abstract, conceptual, creative (thought), fanciful, fictional, hypothetical, unreal, nonexistent, doesn't exist, 
(9) What words describe someone who does not imagine?
unimaginative, uncreative, 
(10) What words describe something that cannot be imagined?
unimaginable, inconceivable, 
Intelligent
Use this domain for words that describe a person who thinks well.
(1) What words describe someone who thinks well?
intelligent, brainy, bright, brilliant, capable, clever, crafty, discerning, educated, ingenious, insightful, keen, knowledgeable, learned, literate, perceptive, philosophical, profound, rational, scholarly, sharp, shrewd, sly, smart, sophisticated, sound, wily, have a lot of sense, have a high IQ, 
(2) What words describe an intelligent child?
bright, gifted, precocious, prodigy, whiz kid
(3) What words describe someone who can think quickly?
quick, sharp, whiz, be quick on the uptake, be on the ball, think on your feet
(4) What words describe someone who is intelligent, well-educated, and thinks a lot?
intellectual, academic, learned, brains, intelligentsia
(5) What words describe someone who makes good decisions?
wise, sagacious, prudent, sensible, good sense, sound judgment
(6) What words refer to the ability to think well?
ability, capacity, circumspection, cleverness, competence, cunning, discernment, discretion, discrimination, insight, intelligence, IQ, judgment, knowledge, philosophy, profundity, prudence, rationality, reasoning, sagacity, sanity, sense, sensibility, shrewdness, smarts, sophistication, understanding, wisdom, wit
(7) What words refer to a person who thinks well?
academician, genius, highbrow, illuminati, intellectual, literati, magus, philosopher, priest, prodigy, sage, scholar, scholastic, thinker, able thinker, wise man, 
Stupid
Use this domain for words that describe a person who does not think well.
(1) What words describe a person who does not think well?
asinine, blind, brainless, crass, crazy, daft, delirious, demented, dense, dim, dizzy, doltish, dull, dull-witted, dumb, fanatical, fatuous, foolish, harebrained, idiotic, inane, ingenuous, insane, insensitive, irrational, lumpish, moronic, naive, nonsensical, obtuse, retarded, senile, senseless, silly, simple, slow, slow-witted, stupid, thick, thickheaded, undiscerning, unimaginative, unperceptive, unsound, witless, lacking in intelligence, mentally lazy, 
(2) What words describe someone who makes bad decisions?
foolish, shortsighted, unwise
(3) What words refer to not being able to think well? 
derangement, idiocy, imbecility, insanity, lunacy, madness, senility, stupidity, 
(4) What words refer to something someone says or does that is stupid?
absurdity, nonsense, 
(5) What words refer to a person who does not think well?
airhead, blockhead, dolt, donkey, dullard, dumbbell, dummy, dunce, dupe, fanatic, fool, idiot, imbecile, moron, numskull, scatterbrain, sucker, 
Logical
Use this domain for words describing logical thinking.
(1) What words describe thinking that is logical?
logical, sound, rational, reasonable, well thought out, well-founded, make sense, hang together, coherent, add up
(2) What words refer to a logical way of thinking?
logic, reasoning
(3) What words describe thinking that is not logical?
illogical, irrational, make no sense, not hold water, not stand up, not add up
Instinct
Use this domain for words related to instinct--to know something without being told, to know what to do without taught how to do it.
(1) What words refer to a natural ability to know what to do?
instinct, instinctive, intuition, intuitive, sixth sense, gut feeling, just seem to know
Learn
Use this domain for words referring to learning something, acquiring information, gaining knowledge (whether done intentionally or unintentionally), or discovering the answer to some question.
(1) What words refer to learning something?
learn, acquaint, acquire, ascertain, conclude, dawn on, deduce, determine, discover, examine, experience, figure out, find, get (the answer), glean, grasp (mentally), gain (knowledge/understanding), look something up, master, obtain, perceive, pick someone's brain, pick up (a subject), question (v), realize, recognize, reflect, study, get an education, 
(2) What words refer to learning something no one else knows or something that is secret?
discover, discovery, find out about
(3) What words refer to someone who is learning?
amateur, disciple, layman, student, 
(4) What words describe someone who is learning?
ignorant, uneducated, unlearned
(5) What words refer to someone who has learned?
graduate, teacher, scholar, 
(6) What words describe someone who has learned?
instructed, learned, well-taught, 
(7) What words refer to what is learned?
learning, answer, solution, information, conclusion, discovery, discipline, education, initiation, instruction, training, 
Study
Use this domain for words referring to studying--to try to learn something.
(1) What words refer to studying something?
study, analyze, check, concern yourself with, consider, determine, examine, experiment (v), follow,  inquire into, investigate, learn, look into/for, look something up, probe, prowl, seek, search, research, study, test, trace, track, trail, try to find out about, 
(2) What words refer to the process of trying to learn something?
evaluation, examination, experiment (n), investigation, inquiry, quest, study, search
(3) What words refer to the subject that is being studied?
subject, topic, question
(4) What words refer to studying something a second time?
review, revise (British)
(5) What words refer to a person who studies something?
astronomer, biologist, botanist, detective, investigator, linguist, mathematician, operative, reconnoiterer, scientist, scout, spy, undercover agent, zoologist
(6) What words describe someone who likes to study?
studious, inquisitive, 
Check
Use this domain for words referring to checking something--when you think something is true or correct, but you aren't sure, you do something to find out if it is true or correct.
(1) What words refer to checking something to make sure it is true or correct?
check, make sure, make certain, double-check, verify, confirm, check out, crosscheck, see for yourself, check up on, 
Evaluate, test
Use this domain for words referring to the process of determining the truth or falsehood of something, or for determining the nature or value of something.
(1) What words refer to the process of determining the truth of something?
adjudge, adjudicate, assay, assess, assessment, calculate, consider, decide, decision, determine, discern, estimate, evaluate, evaluation, examine, gauge, judge, judgment, judicious, question, regard, render, scrupulous, seek (truth), size, taste, test, testing, view
(2) What words refer to the process of determining the value of something?
appraisal, appraise, evaluate, weigh (the merits of)
(3) What words refer to choosing which of two or more things is better?
differentiate, differentiation, discriminate, distinguish, rank, rate, rating, separate, hold in esteem,  hold up, 
(4) What words refer to the thing that is thought better?
choice, 
(5) What words refer to thinking something is not as good as something else?
discount, disregard, devalue, dismiss
(6) What words refer to the difference between two things?
difference, distinction, distinctions, 
(7) What words refer to judging wrongly?
indiscriminate, miscalculate, misjudge, overestimate, uncritical, 
(8) What words refer to a person who evaluates?
referee, tester, 
(9) What words refer to a report of an evaluation?
report, reputation, reward, 
(10) What words refer to being evaluated as better than before?
move up, rise, climb, shoot up, 
Guess
Use this domain for words referring to answering a question when one is unsure of the answer.
(1) What words refer to answering a question when you are unsure of the answer?
guess, estimate, suppose, assume, theorize
(2) What words refer to what is being guessed?
guess, estimate, supposition, assumption, theory, intuition
Solve
Use this domain for words related to solving something--finding the answer to something that is difficult to understand.
(1) What words refer to solving something?
solve, figure out, work out, clear up, find an explanation, answer, calculate, calculator
Realize
Use this domain for words related to realizing something.
(1) What words refer to realizing something?
realize, occur to, dawn on, become aware that, strike, hit, sink in, wake up to the fact that, it clicked, 
Willing to learn
Use this domain for words referring to being willing to learn or unwilling to learn.
(1) What words refer to being willing to learn?
willing to learn, open your mind, open-minded, open to new ideas, teachable, 
(2) What words refer to being unwilling to learn?
unwilling to learn, close your mind, closed minded, refuse to learn, won't listen to reason, stubborn, hard heart, mind made up
(3) What words refer to wanting to learn something?
curious, interested
Know
Use this domain for words referring to the results of thinking.
(1) What words refer to knowing something?
know, understand, have information
(2) What words refer to knowing how to do something?
know how to
(3) What words refer to not knowing something?
not know, be ignorant, be unaware of
(4) What words refer to knowing something slightly?
be aware of, be acquainted with, know a little, know about
(5) What words refer to knowing something thoroughly?
knowledgeable, know (something) thoroughly, know well, know all about, familiar with
(6) What words refer to what is known about a topic?
information, body of knowledge, (what is) known
(7) What words refer to what is not known about a topic?
unknown
(8) What words refer to all the things a person knows?
knowledge
(9) What words describe something that can be known?
knowable
(10) What words describe something that cannot be known?
unknowable
Known, unknown
Use this domain for words that describe whether or not something is known.
(1) What words describe something or someone that is known to someone?
known, noted, familiar, obvious
(2) What words describe something or someone that is known to many people?
well-known, famous, infamous, fame, notorious, public knowledge
(3) What words describe something or someone that is not known by many people?
little-known, secret, secrecy, obscure, private, mystery, mysterious
(4) What words describe something or someone that is not known by anyone?
not known, unknown, undetected, undiscovered, unexposed, unmarked, unseen
(5) What words refer to making something known?
acquaint, bare, demonstrate, disclose, discover, divulge, exhibit, explain, expose, indicate, present, make public, publicize, reveal, show, uncover, unfold, unmask, unveil
(6) What words describe something that is easily known?
apparent, evident, obvious
(7) What words describe something that is not easily known?
unapparent
Area of knowledge
Use this domain for words referring to an area of knowledge.
(1) What words refer to an area of knowledge?
area, field, world, domain, realm, sphere, branch, province
Secret
Understand
Use this domain for words referring to understanding a topic or the meaning of something.
(1) What words refer to understanding something?
understand, understanding, comprehend, have/gain insight
(2) What words refer to coming to understand something?
understand, perceive, realize, see, recognize, recognition, figure out
Misunderstand
Use this domain for when a person does not understand a topic or the meaning of something.
(1) What words refer to misunderstanding something?
misunderstand, understand wrong, fail to understand, misinterpret, interpret wrongly, miss the meaning, get it wrong, mishear, be mistaken, lose (someone), lack of understanding, 
(2) What words refer to understanding something differently than someone else?
understand differently, give a different interpretation
Understandable
Use this domain for words that describe something that is easy to understand.
(1) What words describe something that can be understood?
understandable
(2) What words describe something that is easy to understand?
obvious, transparent, clear, easy to understand, evident
(3) What words describe a clear connection between two things?
relevant, pertinent, clear, clearly, obvious, 
Mysterious
Use this domain for words that describe something that is difficult to understand.
(1) What words describe something that cannot be understood?
not understandable, inscrutable, unfathomable, incomprehensible, inconceivable
(2) What words describe something that is difficult to understand?
vague, oblique, unclear, not well worded, cryptic, hard to understand, difficult to understand, puzzle, puzzling, riddle
(3) What words describe an unclear connection between two things?
obscure, shrouded in mystery, mysterious, 
Opinion
Use this domain for situations in which a question or issues are being debated, more than one option is possible, and a person chooses to think in one way about the question or issue.
(1) What words refer to taking a position toward a question or issue?
take a position, lean toward, regard
(2) What words refer to holding an opinion toward a question or issue?
hold/have an opinion, hold a view, have a perspective
(3) What words refer to the position a person takes toward a question or issue?
position, view, outlook, perspective, leaning, opinion
Believe
Use this domain for words referring to believing that something is true.
(1) What words refer to believing that something is true?
believe, faith, trust, accept, confidence, give credence to, consider, count on, rely on, reliance, depend on, dependence, swear by, take for granted, bet on, bank on, buy, take at face value, store, stock, take someone's word for it, cling to, be convinced, be dogmatic, follow, heed, receive, think something is true
(2) What words refer to believing that someone is truthful?
believe in, have confidence in, have faith in, put your trust in, take your word for, pin your hopes on, give the benefit of the doubt
(3) What words describe something or someone that can be believed?
believable, convincing, indubitable, undeniable, indisputable, incontrovertible, credible, trustworthy, faithful, dependable, to be depended on, probable, persuasive, plausible, authoritative, reliable, have a ring of truth, sounds right, certain, convincing, sure
(4) What words refer to putting too much faith in something?
presumption, credulous, gullible, superstitious, unquestioning
(5) What words refer to believing something that other people do not believe?
belief, superstition, old wives' tale
(6) What words refer to believing something that is not true?
illusion, fallacy, myth, delusion, mistaken belief, misconception, live in a fantasy world, swallow
(7) What words refer to a person who believes?
believer, follower
(8) What words refer to something that a person believes?
belief
(9) What words refer to the reason a person believes something?
evidence, grounds, basis
Trust
Use this domain for words referring to trusting someone--believing that someone is honest and will not do something bad to you.
(1) What words refer to trusting someone?
trust, believe in, put your trust in, have confidence in, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling that you can trust someone?
trust, confidence, faith, blind faith, 
(3) What words describe someone that you can trust?
trustworthy, responsible, trusted, 
(4) What words describe someone who usually trusts other people?
trusting, 
(5) What words refer to not trusting someone?
not trust, distrust, be suspicious of, be suspicious of, view someone with suspicion, 
(6) What words refer to the feeling that you cannot trust someone?
distrust, mistrust, suspicion, 
(7) What words describe someone who cannot be trusted?
untrustworthy, can't be trusted, not to be trusted, 
(8) What words describe someone who usually does not trust other people?
distrustful, mistrustful, 
Disbelief
Use this domain for words referring to not believing something or someone.
(1) What words refer to not believing something or someone.
not believe, disbelief, unbelief, lack faith in, fail to believe, refuse to believe
(2) What words refer to being unsure whether to believe or not?
doubt, waver, undecided
(3) What words describe something or someone that is hard to believed?
hard to believe, unbelievable, doubtful, incredible, unconvincing, disputable, untrustworthy, unfaithful, undependable, improbable, unpersuasive
Doubt
Use this domain for words related to doubt--not being sure if something is true or not.
(1) What words are used of being unsure of the truth of something?
doubt, doubt the truth of, have doubts, debate in your mind, be skeptical, mistrust, suspect, harbor suspicions, take with a grain of salt
(2) What words are used of doubtful thoughts?
doubt, suspicion, skepticism
(3) What words refer to a person who doubts?
doubter, skeptic, agnostic
(4) What words refer to a person that you doubt?
suspicious character, 
Agree with someone
Use this domain for when two people agree on something, think the same way about something, or agree on a decision.
(1) What words refer to when two people agree?
agree, agreement, concur, accede, think the same, think alike, hold the same view, be of the same mind, be of like mind, like-minded, be in accord, be of one accord, be united, be in the same place, be together on something, be with someone, coincide in our thinking, 
(2) What words refer to two people coming to agreement?
come to an agreement, come together, ratify a treaty
(3) What words refer to the act or state of agreeing?
agreement, like-mindedness, cooperation, unity, concord, be in congruity, 
(4) What words refer to a written document expressing agreement?
written agreement, peace accord, peace treaty
(5) What words refer to a gesture expressing agreement?
shake hands, shake on it, kiss, holding hands, bow, nod in agreement
(6) What words refer to changing your thinking so that you agree with someone else?
accede, accession, accept, acquiesce, acquiescence, give assent, consent, yield, grant a point, 
(7) What words refer to two people compromising?
compromise
Disagree
Use this domain for when two people disagree about something.
(1) What words refer to when two people disagree?
disagree, disagreement, think differently, dissent, dissenting, contest (v), 
Protest
Use this domain for words related to protesting--to say publicly that you do not like something.
(1) What words refer to protesting?
protest (v), object to, remonstrate, speak out against, 
(2) What words refer to many people protesting?
storm of protest, outcry against, outcry over, public outcry, boycott, 
(3) What words refer to someone who protests?
protester, demonstrator, dissident, marcher, objector, 
(4) What words refer to something someone protests about?
protest (n), objection, remonstrance, 
(5) What words refer to many people protesting in a group?
protest, demonstrate, march, boycott, riot, in protest, 
(6) What words refer to when many people protest in a group?
protest (n), demonstration, march, rally, riot, unrest, civil disobedience, peaceful demonstration, placard, 
(7) What words describe something done in protest?
protest (adj), 
(8) What do people do when they are protesting against something?
boo (v), boo (n), booing, 
(9) What do people say when they are protesting against something?
Down with (someone/something)! No more (something)!
Philosophy
Use this domain for words referring to a set of beliefs about truth.
(1) What words refer to a set of beliefs about truth?
philosophy, orientation, frame of reference, worldview
(2) What words refer to a person who attempts to define a set of beliefs?
philosopher, sage
(3) What words refer to a group of philosophers?
Epicurean, Stoic, school (of thought)
Attitude
Use this domain for words referring to a person's attitude--the way you think and feel about something.
(1) What words refer to a person's opinions and feelings about something?
attitude, mentality, way of thinking, outlook, worldview
Extreme belief
Use this domain for words referring to an extreme belief--something that you believe, that most people think is not good.
(1) What words describe strong opinions and beliefs, which most people regard as extreme?
extreme, hard-line, far-left, far-right, idealistic, out in left field
(2) What words refer to a person who holds extreme beliefs?
extremist, hardliner, leftist, idealist, fanatic, zealot
Change your mind
Use this domain for words related to changing your mind--to change what you think about something, or change your plans or decisions.
(1) What words refer to changing a decision?
change plans, change your mind, rethink, have second thoughts, backtrack, U-turn
(2) What words describe a person who is willing to change his mind?
open, open-minded
(3) What words refer to changing your mind many times?
vacillate, go back and forth between, waver
(4) What words describe a person who keeps changing his mind?
fickle
(5) What words refer to refusing to change your mind?
stand firm, stand your ground, stick to your guns
(6) What words describe a person who refuses to change his mind?
closed, close minded, rigid, inflexible, entrenched, reactionary, diehard, intransigent, have fixed ideas, stick in the mud
Approve of something
Use this domain for words related to approving of doing something--to think that doing something is good.
(1) What words refer to approving of something?
approve, meet with someone's approval, agree with, believe in, condone, endorse, be for, be in favor of, okay (v), give it your okay, pass, sanction, subscribe, sustain, think something is right, uphold, value (v), think something is right, 
(2) What words refer to approving of something very much?
be all for, be all in favor of, be a great believer in, be an advocate of
(3) What words refer to someone's approval?
approval, approbation, advocacy, endorsement, sanction, 
(4) What words describe something that someone approves of?
admirable, creditable, estimable, honorable, meritorious, 
(5) What words refer to not approving of something?
not approve, condemn, critical, critique, deprecate, disapprove of, disapproving, disqualify, frown on, invalidate, reject, take a dim view of, have a low opinion of, think badly of, 
(6) What words refer to someone's disapproval?
disapproval, disapprobation, disfavor, rejection, 
(7) What words describe something that someone does not approve of?
abominable, blameworthy, deplorable, despicable, detestable, dishonorable, execrable, lamentable, reprehensible, unsatisfactory, 
(8) What words refer to saying that you disapprove of something?
voice your disapproval, express your disapproval, register your disapproval, condemn, denounce, deplore, 
(9) What words refer to looking at someone in a disapproving way?
give someone a disapproving look, give someone a dirty look, frown, look askance, 
(10) What words describe something said in a disapproving way?
disapproving, derogatory, pejorative, 
(11) What words refer to when people start to disapprove of something?
fall into disrepute, 
Remember
Use this domain for words referring to remembering something you know.
(1) What words refer to remembering something?
remember, recall, remind oneself, call to mind, bring to mind, think of, recognize, recognition, recollect, review, come (back) to, mindful, heed, think, in retrospect, 
(2) What words refer to memorizing something?
memorize, commit to memory
(3) What words refer to causing someone to think of or remember something?
remind, bring up, prompt, jog someone's memory, jog your mind, 
(4) What words refer to something that reminds a person of something?
reminder, note, memo, memorandum, cue, souvenir, memorial, remembrance, 
(5) What words refer to remembering things that happened in the past?
reminisce, recall, think back on
(6) What words refer to the things a person remembers?
memory, recollection, 
(7) What words refer to remembering to do something?
heed, mind, mindful, respond, 
(8) What words refer to remembering something good?
cherish (a memory/thought), treasure
(9) What words refer to remembering something bad?
regret, rue the day
Forget
Use this domain for words referring to forgetting something.
(1) What words refer to not remembering something?
forget, didn't think of it, overlook, draw a blank, escape me, slip my mind, fly right out of your mind, lose your train of thought, lose track of, 
(2) What words refer to failing to remember to do something?
neglect, omit, let something pass, slip, unmindful, miss
(3) What words describe someone who has trouble remembering?
forgetful, absentminded
(4) What words refer to forgetting many things because of a head injury?
amnesia
Recognize
Use this domain for words referring to recognizing something.
(1) What words refer to recognizing something?
distinguish, identify, know, place, realize, recognize, recognition, pick out, tell, not mistake
(2) What words describe something that you can recognize?
recognizable, familiar, unmistakable
(3) What words describe something that you can't recognize?
unrecognizable, unfamiliar, strange, changed beyond all recognition
Memorize
Use this domain for words referring to memorizing something--to think hard about something so that you will not forget it.
(1) What words refer to memorizing something?
memorize, commit to memory, make a mental note, record, remember, store, 
Remind
Use this domain for words referring to reminding someone about something--to make someone remember something.
(1) What words refer to reminding someone of something they must do or something they should know?
remind, jog someone's memory, refresh someone's memory, prompt, be a reminder, reminder, 
(2) What words refer to reminding someone of a person or something that happened in the past?
remind, be a reminder, bring back memories, take someone back, drag up, rake up, evoke, evocative, make someone think of, 
Expect
Use this domain for words referring to thinking about the future.
(1) What words refer to how a person thinks about the future?
expect, feel satisfied, feel dissatisfied, expect with certainty, expect uncertainly, be looking at, anticipate, await, suspense
(2) What words refer to something that may happen in the future?
expectation, prospect, possibility
(3) What words refer to an expectation happening?
come true, come about, be fulfilled, materialize
(4) What words refer to an expectation not happening?
not come true, fail to materialize
Hope
Use this domain for words related to hoping that something will happen--to want something good to happen in the future.
(1) What words refer to hoping that something good will happen in the future?
hope, look forward to, anticipate, eagerly await, bide, desire, dream, be optimistic, wish for, fulfill hope, 
(2) What words refer to something good that may happen in the future?
hope (n), wish (n)
Hopeless
Use this domain for words related to feeling hopeless--to thinking that nothing good will happen in the future.
(1) What words refer to feeling hopeless?
hopeless, lose hope, cynical, cynicism, despair, fatalistic, fatalism, pessimistic, pessimism
Predict
Use this domain for words referring to predicting the future--saying what you think will happen.
(1) What words refer to predicting what you think will happen in the future?
claim, forecast, foretell, predict, prognosticate, prophesy, 
Tendency
Use this domain for words indicating that the speaker thinks that something tends to be a certain way.
(1) What words indicate that the speaker thinks that something tends to be a certain way?
tend, have a tendency, lean a certain way, apt to, prone to, proclivity, predilection, bent, bias, leaning, penchant, inclination, propensity, susceptibility, likelihood, liable to, trend, drift, conducive to, leads in the direction of, dispose, incline toward, gravitate toward, likely
Want
Use this domain for words related to wanting something or wanting to do something.
(1) What words refer to wanting something?
want, desire, wish, long for, yearn, crave, hunger, thirst, be attracted to, fancy, have a fancy for, intent on
(2) What words refer to wanting to do something?
want to, wish you could, aspire to, feel like, hope you can, interested in, raring to, have an urge to, 
(3) What words refer to something someone wants?
want (n), desire (n), wish (n), longing, yearning, craving, mania, obsession, 
(4) What words describe something that people want?
desirable, 
(5) What words describe something that people don't want?
unwanted, undesirable, 
Decide, plan
Use this domain for words related to deciding to do something.
(1) What words refer to deciding to do something?
decide, decide on, decide against, choose, plan, conclude that, determine your course, strategize
(2) What words refer to what is decided?
decision, choice, plan, course, strategy
Purpose, goal
Use this domain for words referring to a goal--something that you want to do or something that you want to happen.
(1) What words refer to the purpose of what you are doing?
purpose, goal, aim (n), design (n), desire (n), destination, end, function, idea, intent, intention, object, objective, plan, the point, proposal, reason, target, use (n), 
(2) What words refer to the purpose of something someone says?
point, implication, mean, be driving at, be trying to say, 
(3) What words refer to the purpose of something like a machine or tool?
function, use, 
(4) What words indicate the purpose of something?
for, be for, for the sake of, serve to, so, so that, to, toward, with a view to, with the aim of, 
(5) What words indicate that something is done or made for a particular purpose?
be meant to do something, supposed to do something, be intended to do something, be designed to do something, 
(6) What words refer to trying to reach a goal?
to strive toward a goal, press on, aim for, endeavor, head for, try to accomplish, 
(7) What words refer to reaching a goal?
reach, attain, surpass
(8) What words refer to failing to reach a goal?
fail to reach, miss, fall short of
(9) What words refer to not having any purpose?
purposeless, without purpose, lack a goal, aimless, drifting, no direction, 
Choose
Use this domain for words related to choosing something--to want one thing (or person) from a group of things, or to choose to do one thing from several possible things you could do.
(1) What words refer to choosing something?
choose, select, prefer, decide on, pick, designate, elect, favor, opt for, specify, vote, would rather have
(2) What words refer to the thing that is chosen?
choice, selection, preference, decision
(3) What words refer to the things that could be chosen?
alternative, option, selection, candidate
Cast lots
Use this domain for words referring to casting lots--to make a decision by chance.
(1) What is the general term for making a decision by chance?
cast lots [in English and many languages there isn't a generic term; 'cast lots' is archaic]
(2) What methods are used for making a decision by chance?
roll a die, flip a coin, draw straws, pick names out of a hat, rock-paper-scissors, pick a card (out of a deck), count off, decide who goes first
(3) What kind of decisions are made by these methods?
deciding who goes first in a game, deciding who dies (e.g. who gets the life preserver), deciding who is guilty
(4) What do people say when a decision has been made?
X team has won the toss. OK, John goes first. I win. The Lord's will be done. It is the will of the gods. The gods have spoken.
(5) What is the validating principle behind these methods?
fate, chance, God's will, social consensus
Intend
Use this domain for words related to intending to do something--to do something intentionally and not by accident.
(1) What words refer to intending to do something?
intend, aim, expect, mean to do something, plan, purpose, resolve, be set on, 
(2) What words refer to what is intended?
intent, intention, impulse, aim, purpose, resolution
(3) What words describe something that someone intended to do?
intentional, intentionally, on purpose, because I wanted to
Deliberately
Use this domain for words related to doing something deliberately--to intend to do something, as opposed to doing something accidentally.
(1) What words refer to doing something deliberately?
deliberately, on purpose, intentionally, pointedly, make a point of, knowingly, consciously, willfully, mean to do something
(2) What words describe something that is done deliberately?
deliberate, intentional, conscious, calculated, premeditated
(3) What words refer to not doing something deliberately?
accidentally, by accident, by mistake, unintentionally, not mean to do something, inadvertently, unconsciously
(4) What words describe something that is not done deliberately?
accidental, unintentional, unconscious, involuntary
Determined
Use this domain for words related to being determined to do something--deciding to do something and not letting anything stop you.
(1) What words refer to being determined to do something?
determined, aspire, be intent on, be set on, set your mind on, be resolved, mean business, purposefully, tenacious, put yourself into, 
(2) What words describe a person who is determined?
determined, adamant, committed, driven, hard headed, inexorable, inflexible, obdurate, persevering, pertinacious, single-minded, steadfast, strong-willed, stubborn, tenacious,  uncompromising, 
(3) What words describe a person's behavior that is determined?
stubborn, steadfast, resolute, dogged, wholehearted, 
(4) What words refer to being so determined that you are even willing to do something bad?
go to any lengths, be hell-bent on, whatever the cost, ruthless, stop at nothing
(5) What words refer to the quality of being determined?
determination, ambition, commitment, drive, endurance, perseverance, pertinacity, resolve, spirit, fighting spirit, steadfastness, stick-to-itiveness, tenacity, will, willpower, 
(6) What words refer to becoming more determined?
stiffen your resolve, set your mind on, commit, 
(7) What words refer to persevering in a task?
persevere, give it your best, keep on, hang in there, endure, persist, plod, plug, 
(8) What words refer to not being determined?
apathetic, indifference, indifferent, listless, lethargic, neutral, nonchalant, uncaring, 
Stubborn
Use this domain for words related to being stubborn--to be unwilling to change a decision; to be unwilling to do something someone wants you to do; or to do what you want to do, even though other people do not want you to do it.
(1) What words describe someone who is stubborn?
stubborn, adamant, bull-headed, conservative, dogged, enduring, hardened, hardheaded, headstrong, immovable, impenitent, incorrigible, indomitable, inflexible, intractable, mulish, obdurate, obstinate, persistent, pig-headed, recalcitrant, relentless, stiff-necked, strong-willed, stubborn, as stubborn as a mule, tenacious, unbending, uncompromising, ungovernable, unmanageable, unrepentant, unyielding, willful, 
(2) What words refer to a stubborn person?
stubborn fool, mule, bulldog, 
(3) What words refer to being stubborn?
refuse to obey/listen, won't listen to reason, stick to your guns, 
(4) What words refer to the quality of being stubborn?
stubbornness, inflexibility, obstinacy, tenacity, stick-to-itiveness 
Lust
Use this domain for words related to lusting for something--to want something bad or forbidden.
(1) What words refer to lusting for something?
desire, lust, avarice, burn, covet, crave, grasping, greed, inflamed
Request
Use this domain for words related to requesting something--to ask for something, or ask someone to do something.
(1) What words refer to saying something in order to acquire something from the other person?
request, make a request, ask for something, ask somebody to do something, appeal, make an appeal, petition, requisition, solicit, apply, consult, 
(2) What words refer to what is said when someone makes a request?
appeal (n), petition (n), request (n), solicitation, question
(3) What words refer to a person who makes a request?
petitioner, suppliant
(4) What special words do people use when they want to make a polite request?
please, if you wouldn't mind, would you mind?
(5) What words refer to asking for something when you are desperate to get it?
implore, plead, beseech, entreat, importune
(6) What words refer to what is said when a person pleads?
plea, entreaty
(7) What words describe a person who pleads?
importunate
Agree to do something
Use this domain for words related to agreeing to do something.
(1) What words refer to agreeing to do something?
agree to do something, accept, approve a plan, consent to, give your consent, grant someone's request, jump at the chance, jump at the opportunity, OK something, give your OK, say yes, give something the thumbs up, take on, 
(2) What words refer to the act of agreeing to do something?
agreement, consent, 
(3) What do people say when they agree to do something?
All right, Yes you can, Sure, Of course, Help yourself, Be my guest, 
(4) What words indicate that you are doing something that someone has asked you to do?
at someone's request, at the request of, 
(5) What words refer to agreeing to do something after first refusing?
give in, bow to, accede to, 
Refuse to do something
Use this domain for words related to refusing to do something.
(1) What words refer to refusing to do something?
refuse, refusal, flatly refuse, refuse point-blank, not agree to, will not, say no, decline, shake your head, turn down, dig your heels in, slam the door in someone's face, draw the line at, have none of
(2) What do people say when they refuse to do something?
not likely, nothing doing, no way, and that's that
(3) What words refer to refusing to give something?
refuse, deny, withhold
Intercede
Use this domain for words related to interceding for someone--to say something to someone because you want them to do something good for someone else.
(1) What words refer to requesting that someone do something for someone else?
intercede, intercession, intercessory, intervene on behalf of, interpose, mediate
(2) What words refer to a person who intercedes?
intercessor, go-between, intermediary, mediator, peacemaker
Willing
Use this domain for words related to being willing to do something.
(1) What words refer to being willing to do something?
willing, acquiescent, agreeable, compliant, disposed, fain, free, game, kindly, morale, offer, readily, ready, ungrudging, volition, volitional, voluntary, volunteer, will, willful
(2) What words refer to being unwilling to do something?
unwilling, unwillingness, forced, grudging, involuntary, loath, pressured, reluctant, 
Influence
Use this domain for words related to influencing someone--to do something because you want someone to change his thinking.
(1) What words refer to influencing someone to change his thinking or decision?
influence, sway, bias, pull strings, work on, affect, impact, make an impression on, prejudice, bribe, bring into line, lead by the nose
(2) What words refer to your ability to change another's mind or decision?
have influence, be influential, carry weight, have a hold on
(3) What words refer to the influence you have on another's mind or decision?
influence, impact, weight, pressure, power, sway, control, leverage, pull
(4) What words describe a person who has influence?
influential
Suggest
Use this domain for words referring to suggesting something--saying that something might be good.
(1) What words refer to suggesting something to someone?
suggest, make a suggestion, float, recommend, propose, propound, submit
(2) What words refer to formally suggesting something to a person in authority?
propose, recommend, put forward, put something before someone, submit, present, 
(3) What words do people use when suggesting something?
I suggest, can I suggest, can I make a suggestion, let's, how about, what about, why don't you, you could always, we may as well, we might as well, 
(4) What words refer to suggesting someone for a job?
suggest, recommend, nominate, propose, put someone's name forward, 
(5) What words refer to something that someone suggests?
suggestion, proposal, recommendation, proposition, submission
Advise
Use this domain for words referring to giving someone advice or counsel, for instance recommending a wise course of action.
(1) What words refer to giving someone advice?
advise, say someone should do something, give advice, recommend, urge, offer advice, advocate, commend, counsel, present, promote, propose, recommend a course of action, guide, instruct, submit, make a motion, exhort, 
(2) What words do people use when giving advice?
if I were you, you should do something, you ought to, you'd be better off, take my advice, take it from me, you'd be well advised to do something, on no account, you'd better, I would, 
(3) What words refer to asking for advice?
ask someone's advice, seek advice, consult, ask for advice, request advice, turn to for advice, 
(4) What words refer to doing what someone advises?
take someone's advice, follow someone's advice, listen to advice, act on someone's advice, accept advice, adopt, 
(5) What words refer to the advice that a person gives?
advice, tip, recommendation, guidance, counseling, counsel, instructions, idea, proposal, charge, 
(6) What words refer to someone who gives advice?
advisor, counselor, consultant, guru, mentor, coach, 
(7) What words refer to a group of people who give advice?
council, board, committee, advisory (board), 
(8) What words refer to needing advice?
need advice, don't know what to do, 
(9) What words refer to not knowing what to advise?
don't know what to tell you
(10) What words refer to not accepting advice?
refuse advice, ignore advice
(11) What words refer to giving advice when the person doesn't want it?
meddle, kibitz, kibitzer, 
(12) What words describe good or bad advice?
good, wise, bad, bum steer, advisable, helpful, constructive, positive, 
Persuade
Use this domain for words related to persuading someone--to try to get someone to do something or to change his thinking.
(1) What words refer to trying to persuade someone to change his thinking or decision?
advocate, promote, persuade, convince, encourage, encouragement, urge, sway
(2) What words describe a person who can persuade others?
convincing, persuasive
(3) What words refer to someone being persuaded to change his thinking or decision?
come around to (someone's) view, see it (someone's) way, be won over
(4) What words refer to persuading someone not to do something?
dissuade
Insist
Use this domain for words related to insisting--to say strongly or repeatedly that someone must do something, because the other person does not want to do it.
(1) What words refer to insisting that someone do something?
insist, be insistent, at someone's insistence, put your foot down, demand, be adamant, won't take no for an answer, won't hear of, maintain, be resolute
(2) What words describe a person who insists?
insistent, importunate, resolute
Compel
Use this domain for words related to compelling someone to do something--to cause or force someone to do something that they do not want to do.
(1) What words refer to forcing someone to do something?
compel, blackmail, browbeat, bully (v), coerce, constrain, drive, force someone to do something, use force, force something on, insist, impel, impose your will on, make someone do something, oblige, press, pressure, put pressure on, push, use strong-arm tactics, use strong-arm methods, under duress, be breathing down someone's neck, 
(2) What words refer to a situation forcing someone to do something?
force, make someone do something, drive, compel someone to do something, leave someone with no choice, leave someone with no option, be condemned to, 
(3) What words refer to forcing someone to accept something?
force something on, impose, inflict something on, 
(4) What words refer to the act of forcing someone to do something?
compulsion, 
(5) What words describe something that someone is forced to do?
forcible (eviction), forcibly, compulsory (education), 
(6) What words refer to something someone does in order to force someone to do something?
coercion, pressure, high-pressure tactics, strong-arm tactics, 
(7) What words refer to someone who forces people to do things?
bully, 
(8) What words describe someone who forces people to do things?
bossy, coercive, pushy
Control
Use this domain for words related to controlling someone--to force someone to do what you want them to do by ordering them to do it, or by doing something so that they have no choice. Also use this domain for words related to controlling something, for instance to control a machine, so that it does what you want it to do.
(1) What words refer to controlling someone or something?
control, be in control, manipulate, pull strings, call the shots, be in the driver's seat, steer, regulate, govern, dominate, monopolize, have a monopoly, have a stranglehold, have a hold over, wrap someone around your finger, hold sway, be the boss, be domineering, oppress, keep someone down, repress, walk all over
(2) What words refer to being under someone's control?
be under someone's control, be in someone's power, be under someone's spell, be at someone's mercy, be a doormat
Warn
Use this domain for words related to warning someone--saying something to someone so that he will not do something bad.
(1) What words refer to warning someone?
warn, forewarn, admonish, advise against, discourage someone from doing something, dissuade, 
(2) What words refer to what is said when someone is warning someone?
warning, admonition, alarm, alert, caution, caveat, discouragement, forewarning
(3) What words describe something that should not be done?
inadvisable, 
(4) What words refer to something that makes a sound to warn people?
alarm, bell, buzzer, 
Threaten
Use this domain for words related to threatening someone--to say that you will do something bad to someone if they don't do what you want them to do.
(1) What words refer to threatening someone?
threaten, menace, intimidate, terrorize, frighten, cow, bully, browbeat, blackmail, extort, warn
(2) What words refer to the act of threatening or to what is said?
threat, menace, intimidation, terrorism, blackmail, extortion, warning
(3) What words describe a person who threatens?
threatening, menacing, intimidating, bullying
(4) What words refer to a person who threatens?
bully, terrorist, blackmailer, extortionist
Ask permission
Use this domain for words related to asking permission to do something. This domain is part of a scenario: You have authority over me. I want to do something. I ask you for permission to do it. You give permission or refuse permission. I obey you or disobey you.
(1) What words refer to asking permission to do something?
ask, ask someone's permission
(2) What words do people use when they are asking permission to do something?
can I, may I, do you mind if, would you mind if, is it all right if, 
Give permission
Use this domain for words related to giving someone permission to do something. This domain is about a scenario: You have authority over me. I want to do something. I ask you for permission to do it. You give permission or refuse permission.
(1) What words refer to giving someone permission to do something?
give permission, agree to, allow, authorize, consent to, give your consent, grant permission, let, permit, say someone can do something, not stand in someone's way, sanction, suffer, give someone the go-ahead, okay something, give someone the green light, give leave, 
(2) What words do people use when they give someone permission?
go ahead, be my guest, feel free, help yourself, 
(3) What words refer to being allowed to do something?
get permission, can, be allowed, be free to do something, may, 
(4) What words refer to allowing something to happen by not making any effort to prevent it?
let, allow, not stand in someone's way, unchecked, 
(5) What words refer to allowing someone to do whatever they want?
give someone complete freedom, give someone a free hand, give someone carte blanche, give someone the run of, 
(6) What words refer to permission to do something?
permission, authorization, consent, clearance, someone's say-so, license, green light, the okay, the go-ahead, 
(7) What words refer to an official document that gives someone permission to do something?
permit, license, warrant, 
(8) What words refer to giving someone permission to do something that is not usually allowed?
bend the rules, make an exception, concession, excuse, exempt, waive, 
(9) What words describe something that people are allowed to do?
be allowed, allowable, permissible, acceptable, 
Refuse permission
Use this domain for words related to refusing to permit someone to do something.
(1) What words refer to refusing to give someone permission to do something?
refuse permission, deny permission, forbid, prohibit, 
Exempt
Use this domain for words related to being exempt from a law or obligation.
(1) What words refer to being exempt from a law or obligation?
exempt, free, not bound by, not answerable to, immune from prosecution, privileged, excused
Prevent
Use this domain for words related to preventing someone from doing something.
(1) What words refer to preventing someone from doing something.
prevent someone from, keep someone from, avert, avoid, check, frustrate, nip in the bud, obviate, pre-empt, pre-emption, prevention, prohibit, stave off, stop, stopping, constrain, impose, hinder, impede, limit, overcome, prevail, 
(2) What words refer to something that prevents someone from doing something?
check, constraint, impediment, limitation, restriction,
Free to do what you want
Use this domain for words related to freedom--when you can do the things that you want to do.
(1) What words refer to being free to do something?
free, freely, be at liberty to do something
(2) What words describe a person who is free?
free, freedman, liberated, freeborn, freeman
(3) What words describe an activity that is free?
free, open, open-ended, unrestricted
(4) What words refer to the state or right to be free?
freedom, liberty, autonomy, latitude, license, scope, 
(5) What words refer to becoming free?
gain your freedom, gain your liberty, win your freedom
(6) What words refer to freeing someone?
free someone, set free, liberate, emancipate
Offer
Use this domain for words related to offering to do something for someone.
(1) What words refer to offering to do something for someone?
offer to do something (for someone), volunteer, come forward, let me, proffer, tender, make an overture, 
(2) What words refer to offering to give something to someone?
offer someone something, offer something to someone, 
(3) What words refer to holding something out to someone so that they can take it if they want it?
offer, hold something out, 
(4) What words refer to offering someone money for something you want?
offer someone (money) for something, make an offer, bid, 
(5) What words refer to the act of offering something to someone?
offer, 
(6) What words refer to what is offered?
bid, 
(7) What words refer to taking back an offer?
take back an offer, withdraw an offer, 
(8) What expressions do people use when they are offering something?
Would you like...? Can I...? Shall I...? Have a/some.... Help yourself to....
Accept
Use this domain for words referring to accepting something such as an offer, invitation, or request.
(1) What words refer to accepting an offer?
accept, be acceptable to, be receptive to, take, take up, take someone up on something, 
(2) What words refer to the act of accepting an offer?
acceptance, 
Reject
Use this domain for words referring to rejecting something such as an offer, invitation, or request.
(1) What words refer to rejecting an offer?
reject, not accept, refuse, decline, turn down, take a rain check, have nothing to do with, turn up your nose at, throw out, say no to, veto, vote against, give something the thumbs down, dismiss, rebuff
(2) What words refer to the act of rejecting an offer?
refusal, rejection, 
Emotion
Use this domain for general words related to feelings and emotions.
feel, experience, 
(2) What words refer to the part of a person that enables him to feel emotions?
feelings, emotions, heart
(3) What words refer to a feeling?
feeling, emotion, sentiment, 
(4) What words describe a feeling?
heart-felt, strong, powerful, deep, shallow, passing, 
(5) What words refer to feeling something very strongly?
be gripped by, 
(6) What words refer to a strong feeling?
strong feeling, strong emotion, passion, 
(7) What words describe someone who has strong emotions?
emotional, sensitive, sentimental, passionate, intense, intensity, 
(8) What words refer to feeling something for a long time?
attitude, mood, state of mind, frame of mind, spirits, morale, 
(9) What words refer to causing someone to feel something?
make you feel, stimulate, stir, arouse, raise, touch, 
(10) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel something?
stimulation, 
(11) What words describe something that causes someone to feel something?
stimulating, rousing, touching, emotional, 
(12) What words refer to doing something to show a feeling?
emote, express, show, act out, display, 
(13) What words describe someone who does not show many emotions?
unemotional, dispassionate, unfeeling, insensitive, unsentimental, 
(14) What words refer to controlling your feelings?
control yourself, self-control, restrain yourself, restraint, contain yourself, keep your temper, 
(15) What words describe a person whose emotions are so strong that they lose control?
hysterical, have hysterics, go to pieces, fall apart, break down, have an emotional breakdown, go berserk, snap, crack, crack up, give in to, get carried away, have a fit, 
(16) What words refer to controlling your feelings again after losing control?
snap out of it, get a grip on yourself, pull yourself together, 
Feel good
Use this domain for general words related to positive emotions.
(1) What words refer to feeling good?
feel good, feel up, 
(2) What words refer to good feelings?
good feelings, positive emotions, good attitude, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels good?
up, high, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very good?
exhilarated, 
(5) What words refer to feeling good for a long time?
happy, 
(6) What words refer to causing someone to feel good?
cheer, hearten, entertain, brighten your day, 
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel good?
cheerful (thought), 
Like, love
Use this domain for words related to liking something or someone, or liking to do something.
(1) What words refer to liking something?
like, have a liking for, adore, enjoy, be fond of, proud of someone, fancy something, have a fancy for, take a fancy to, care for, have affection for, admire, look up to, think highly of, approve, pleased, admire, appeals to you, be to your liking, go down well, savor (v), luxuriate, be happy with, feel good toward, feel good about, 
(2) What words refer to liking someone?
like, be fond of, be attached to, have a soft spot for, see something in someone, a man/woman after your own heart
(3) What words refer to the feeling of liking something?
liking, admiration, adoration, affection, approval, enjoyment, fondness for, pleasure, pride, affinity, 
(4) What words refer to liking something very much?
love, adore, delight, enthusiastic about, enthusiasm for, be mad about, be crazy about, be attached to, have a passion for
(5) What words describe something that is liked?
likable, lovable, lovely, tasteful, admirable, delightful, charming, endearing, engaging, pleasing, pleasurable, enjoyable, nice, likes and dislikes, love of your life, passion
(6) What words refer to a person who likes something?
admirer, fan, (art)-lover, lover of, enthusiast, devotee
(7) What words describe someone who likes something?
adoring, affectionate, 
(8) What words refer to liking something and wanting to have it?
aspire, hanker for, have a hankering for, long for, relish (n), relish (v), covet, crave, desire (v), desire (n), fancy (v), pine for, want (v), yearn, 
(9) What words refer to something causing someone to like a person or thing?
beguile, bewitch, charm, dazzle, delight, enchant, enthrall, fascinate, gladden, gratify, impress, please, thrill, tickle, wow, 
(10) What words refer to something that causes someone to like a person or thing?
charm, enchantress, 
(11) What words describe something that causes someone to like a person or thing?
beguiling, bewitching, charming, dazzling, delightful, enchanting, enthralling, fascinating, gratifying, impressive, pleasing, thrilling, 
Enjoy doing something
Use this domain for words related to enjoying doing something.
(1) What words refer to enjoying something?
like, enjoy, love, be fond of, get a lot of pleasure out of, savor, with relish, exhilarate, 
(2) What words refer to feeling happy when you are doing something?
enjoy yourself, have a good time, have fun, have the time of your life, have a whale of a time, have a blast, be in your element, live it up, let your hair down, 
(3) What words refer to the feeling you get when you enjoy doing something?
enjoyment, pleasure, ecstasy, exhilaration, satisfaction, 
(4) What words describe someone who enjoys doing something?
keen, avid, great, 
(5) What words refer to causing someone to enjoy himself?
amuse, entertain, 
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to enjoys something?
amusement, entertainment, 
(7) What words describe something that people enjoy doing?
enjoyable, fun, good fun, great fun, pleasurable, pleasure, be a delight, the joys of, the delights of, be a blast, be a good laugh, satisfying, amusing, entertaining, treat, 
(8) What words describe someone that other people enjoy being with?
be good company, fun, be a good laugh, 
(9) What words refer to enjoying something bad?
revel in, get a kick out of, take delight in, relish, gloat, take pleasure in, delight in, wallow in, 
(10) What words refer to doing something just because you enjoy it?
for fun, for a laugh, for the hell of it, 
(11) What words refer to enjoying being praised?
bask in, lap something up, 
(12) What words describe someone who is only interested in enjoying themselves?
self-indulgent, hedonist, 
(13) What words refer to something you do to enjoy yourself?
recreation, leisure, 
(14) What words refer to someone who does not want other people to enjoy themselves?
spoilsport, 
Self-esteem
Use this domain for words related to feeling good about yourself.
(1) What words refer to feeling good about yourself?
feel good about yourself, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of self-esteem?
pride, self-esteem, self-respect, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels good about himself?
proud, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very good about yourself?
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel good about himself?
build up, encourage, bolster, boost, congratulate, 
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel good about himself?
encouragement, boost, congratulations, 
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel good about himself?
encouraging
Prefer
Use this domain for words related to preferring one thing over another--to like something more than something else.
(1) What words refer to preferring something?
prefer, preferably, in preference to, favor, like something better, like this more than that, have a preference, give me something any day!, be partial to
(2) What words refer to preferring to do something?
prefer to do something, prefer doing something, would prefer to do something, would rather do something, would sooner do something, be in favor of doing something, 
(3) What words refer to wanting someone to do something more than something else?
would prefer, would rather, 
(4) What words describe something that you prefer?
preferable, preferred, favored, 
(5) What words refer to something you like more than any others?
favorite (n), favorite (adj), first choice, preference, number one, 
(6) What words refer to someone who is liked more than others?
favorite (n), teacher's pet, favored, 
(7) What words refer to unfairly favoring one person over another?
favoritism, bias, biased
(8) What words refer to not unfairly favoring one person over another?
unbiased, impartial, impartially, impartiality, 
Popular
Use this domain for words describing something that many people like.
(1) What words describe someone that many people like?
popular, well-liked, be in favor, 
(2) What words describe something that many people like?
popular, be in demand, sought-after, be big, best-seller, blockbuster, hit
(3) What words refer to how popular something is?
popularity, 
(4) What words refer to making something popular?
popularize, 
(5) What words describe someone or something that is not popular?
unpopular, be out of favor, go out of favor with, there's no demand for
Fashionable
(1) What words describe something that is fashionable?
fashionable, be in fashion, be the fashion, in, be the in thing, chic, cult, designer, be the latest thing, be all the rage, trendy, be in vogue, 
(2) What words describe someone who has fashionable things?
fashionable, trendy, 
(3) What words refer to something becoming fashionable?
come into fashion, come in, make a comeback, 
(4) What words refer to making something fashionable?
set the fashion, set the trend, bring in, 
(5) What words refer to something that is fashionable?
fashion, trend, vogue, the latest thing, 
(6) What words refer to something that is fashionable for a short time?
fad, craze, 
(7) What words refer to the business of making fashionable things?
fashion, 
(8) What words describe something that is not fashionable?
be out of fashion, out, unfashionable, old-fashioned, 
(9) What words refer to something becoming unfashionable?
go out, date, 
Contentment
Use this domain for words related to feeling contented.
(1) What words refer to feeling good about your present conditions?
be content, be happy with your lot, feel satisfied
(2) What words describe when a person feels bad about his conditions or situation?
discontent, discontented, dissatisfied, dissatisfaction, discontent, 
(3) What words refer to not being satisfied?
be displeased with, be unhappy with, not happy, dissatisfied, discontented, disgruntled, 
Happy for
Use this domain for words related to feeling happy for someone--to feel good because something good happened to someone. The opposite is jealousy and envy.
(1) What words refer to feeling good about someone's good fortune?
be happy for, rejoice with, be glad for
(2) What words refer to expressing your joy about someone's good fortune?
cheer for, applaud, congratulate
Pleased with
Use this domain for words related to feeling pleased with someone--to feel good because someone did something good.
(1) What words refer to being pleased with someone?
be pleased with, happy with, satisfied with, approve of, delight in, be favorable toward, impressed with, thrilled with, tickled with, respect, 
Happy
Use this domain for words related to feeling happy--to feel good when something good happens (such as receiving a gift, hearing good news, or watching something good happening).
(1) What words refer to feeling happy?
rejoice, feel good, be in a good mood
(2) What words refer to the feeling of happiness?
happiness, bliss, cheerfulness, contentment, delight, elation, euphoria, gladness, good feelings, joy, mirth, pleasure, satisfaction
(3) What words describe someone who feels happy?
happy, happily, cheerful, cheerfully, chipper, content, contented, contentedly, glad, gladly, jaunty, merry, mirthful, pleased, satisfied
(4) What words refer to feeling very happy?
exult, delight in, ecstasy, be on top of the world, be over the moon, rapture, 
(5) What words describe a person who is very happy?
blissfully happy, overjoyed, delighted, ecstatic, elated, exultant, joyful, jubilant, radiant, thrilled
(6) What words describe a person who usually feels happy?
happy, cheerful, contented, jolly, jovial, have a happy/cheerful/sunny disposition
(7) What words describe a person who feels good while doing something?
enjoy, take pleasure in, be fond of doing
(8) What words refer to feeling good about someone's behavior?
be pleased with
(9) What words describe how a person feels when something good happens to someone else?
feel happy for, rejoice with
(10) What words refer to feeling good when something bad happens to someone?
exultant, glee, gleeful, gloat
(11) What words refer to causing someone to feel happy?
make someone happy, cheer someone up, comfort, console, delight, gladden, please, satisfy, put someone in a good mood, make someone's day, raise someone's spirits, lift someone's spirits
(12) What words refer to feeling happy again after feeling sad?
brighten up, cheer up, perk up, be cheered, be heartened, take heart
(13) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel happy?
delight, joy, happy ending
(14) What words describe something that causes someone to feel happy?
happy, cheering, cheerful (thought), heartening, heartwarming, pleasing, satisfying
(15) What words describe a time period when you feel happy?
happy, blissful, delightful (time), idyllic, joyous (occasion), pleasant
Relaxed
Use this domain for words related to feeling relaxed--to feel good when you are not working and nothing bad is happening.
(1) What words refer to feeling relaxed?
relax, rest, unbend, unwind, feel at home, feel at ease, be at ease, take it easy, take things easy, make yourself at home, loosen up, let your hair down, let yourself go, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of relaxation?
relaxation, comfort, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels relaxed?
relaxed, at ease, calm, comfortable, laid-back, uninhibited
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel relaxed?
relax someone, put someone at ease, make someone feel at home, 
(5) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel relaxed?
sedative, relaxant, 
(6) What words describe something that causes someone to feel relaxed?
relaxing, 
Calm
Use this domain for words related to feeling calm.
(1) What words refer to feeling calm?
feel calm, be at peace, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of calm?
calm (n), composure, presence of mind, equanimity, peace, placidity, poise, repose, serenity, tranquility, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels calm?
calm (adj), calmly, collected, composed, cool, dispassionate, peaceful, phlegmatic, quiescent, sedate, serene, staid, steady, tranquil, unruffled, not fazed, 
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel calm?
calm someone, calm someone down, soothe, 
(5) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel calm?
calming influence, tranquilizer, 
(6) What words describe something that causes someone to feel calm?
calming, 
(7) What words refer to remaining calm in a difficult situation?
keep your cool, keep your head, keep a stiff upper lip, maintain your composure, imperturbable, untroubled, 
(8) What words describe a person who is usually calm?
placid, even-tempered, laid-back
(9) What words describe a calm place?
calm, quiet, peaceful
(10) What words refer to becoming calm?
calm down, cool down, cool off, compose yourself, steady your nerves, relax, quiet down, 
(11) What do you say to someone when you want them to be calm?
Cool it. Take it easy. Calm down.
Surprise
Use this domain for words related to feeling surprised--to feel something when something unexpected, unusual, or amazing happens.
(1) What words refer to feeling surprised?
be surprised, wonder, be in awe, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of surprise?
surprise (n), amazement, astonishment, awe (n), incredulity, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels surprised?
surprised, amazed, astonished, incredulous, startled, flabbergasted, 
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel surprised?
surprise (v), surprise (n), amaze, astonish, astound, awe (v), inspire awe, flabbergast, floor, startle, 
(5) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel surprised?
surprise (n), 
(6) What words describe something that causes someone to feel surprised?
surprising, startling, amazing, astonishing, incredible, wonderful, awe-inspiring, awesome, unexpected, 
(7) What do you say when you are surprised?
Wow! 
Interested
Use this domain for words related to feeling interested.
(1) What words refer to feeling interested in something?
be interested in, show interest, express interest, find something interesting, take an interest in, be curious about, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of interest?
interest, curiosity, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels interested?
interested, curious, 
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel interested?
interest, get someone interested, entertain, stimulate, stir, appeal to, attract someone's interest, attract someone's attention, interestingly, hold your attention, rekindle interest, revive interest, 
(5) What words refer to something that is interesting?
interest, curio, attraction, entertainment, 
(6) What words describe someone that is interesting?
interesting, colorful, a character, entertainer, 
(7) What words describe something that is interesting?
interesting, be of interest, entertaining, lively, stimulating, stimulation, unusual, have character, 
(8) What words describe a time when something interesting is happening?
interesting, eventful, colorful, never a dull moment, 
(9) What words refer to becoming more interested in something?
get interested, become interested, get into, 
(10) What words refer to becoming less interested in something?
lose interest, 
(11) What words refer to making something more interesting?
make something more interesting, liven up, jazz up, add variety, 
(12) What words refer to doing something often because you are interested in it?
follow (a sport), be into, take something up, 
(13) What words refer to something you do because you are interested in it?
hobby, interest, recreation, 
Excited
Use this domain for words related to feeling excited--to feel good when something good has happening or is about to happen.
(1) What words refer to feeling excited?
be on the edge of your seat, be on tenterhooks, be all agog, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of excitement?
excitement, thrill, exhilaration, hysteria, suspense, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels excited?
excited, eager, thrilled, animated, exuberant, 
(4) What words describe a group of people who are excited?
frenzy, fever pitch, hysterical, high spirits
(5) What words refer to feeling very excited?
exhilarated, overexcited, mad, wild, crazy
(6) What words refer to causing someone to feel excited?
excite, get someone excited, thrill, give someone a thrill, animate, stir up, exhilarate, 
(7) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel excited?
sensation
(8) What words describe something that causes someone to feel excited?
exciting, thrilling, sensational, sensation, exhilarating, heady, dramatic, nail biting, action-packed
(9) What words refer to doing something in order to feel excited?
do something for kicks, do something for the thrill of it
(10) What words describe an exciting experience?
thrill, adventure, excitement
(11) What words refer to the most exciting part of something?
climax, high point, high spot, highlight
(12) What words describe a person who becomes excited easily?
excitable
(13) What words refer to becoming more excited?
get excited, excitement rose, go mad, go wild, go crazy, reach a climax, reach a fever pitch
(14) What words refer to becoming less excited?
calm down, 
(15) What words describe a person who does not feel excited?
calm, unexcited,
Enthusiastic
Use this domain for words related to feeling enthusiastic--to feel very good because you want to do something or you want something to happen.
(1) What words refer to feeling enthusiastic?
be into something, be excited about, be raring to go, eagerly, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of enthusiasm?
enthusiasm, eagerness, zeal, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels enthusiastic?
enthusiastic, enthused, animated, ardent, avid, eager, fervent, hot, motivated, zealous, have purpose, keen, mad about, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very enthusiastic?
get carried away, be full of enthusiasm, 
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel enthusiastic?
inspire, motivate, fire up, enthuse
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel enthusiastic?
motivation, motivator, 
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel enthusiastic?
motivating, 
(8) What words refer to someone who is enthusiastic about something?
fan, 
(9) What words refer to not feeling enthusiastic?
not enthusiastic, unenthusiastic, lack of enthusiasm, half-hearted, lukewarm, muted, your heart's not in it, 
Obsessed
Use this domain for words related to feeling obsessed--to be very interested in something for a long time.
(1) What words refer to feeling obsessed with something?
be obsessed with, be fascinated by, can't get something out of your mind, have a thing about, have an unhealthy interest in, have a one-track mind, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of obsession?
fascination, obsession, mania, fixation, fetish, preoccupation, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels obsessed?
obsessed, absorbed, captivated, engrossed, enthralled, fascinated, intrigued, mesmerized, spellbound, be all ears, 
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel obsessed?
obsess, captivate, fascinate, intrigue, 
(5) What words describe something that causes someone to be obsessed?
fascinating, intriguing, irresistible, absorbing, riveting, gripping, compelling, couldn't put it down, 
Attract
Use this domain for words related to attracting someone's attention to something. In a typical situation, a person sees something with an interesting quality. The person moves closer, pays close attention to the thing, and possibly does something to it.
(1) What words refer to something attracting someone's interest?
attract, tempt, seduce, pull, draw, bring in, lure, appeal to
(2) What words describe something that has qualities that make people interested in it?
attractive, tempting, appealing, irresistible, enticing, alluring, seductive
(3) What words refer to something that is attractive?
attraction, lure (n), temptation, 
(4) What words refer to the quality of something that is attractive?
appeal (n), the lure of, charm, pull (n), draw (n)
Indifferent
Use this domain for words related to feeling indifferent about something.
(1) What words refer to feeling indifferent?
not care, shrug it off, be on the fence, middle-of-the-road, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of indifference?
indifference, neutrality, apathy, unconcern, lack of concern, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels indifferent?
indifferent, neutral, apathetic, unconcerned, unmoved, blasé, careless, lackadaisical, half-hearted, casual, offhand, nonchalant, gaily
(4) What words refer to feeling very indifferent?
not give a damn, couldn't care less, be past caring, for all I care, 
(5) What words indicate that you don't care, because you will be happy no matter what happens?
don't mind, not be fussy, it doesn't bother me,
(6) What words indicate that you used to care, but don't anymore because you are hurt or angry?
be past caring, for all I care, not give a damn, couldn't care less
(7) What words indicate that you don't care about someone else's problem?
not my problem, not my concern, that's your problem, (that's just) tough
(8) What expressions do people use when they don't care?
(9) What words refer to not being aware of other people's feelings?
insensitive
Uninterested, bored
Use this domain for words related to feeling uninterested or bored--when someone is not interested in something.
(1) What words refer to feeling uninterested in something?
not be interested, lack interest, be bored (with), be fed up with, be tired of, don't care (about), can't be bothered, your heart's not in it, be cool towards, show no interest, express no interest, leave someone cold, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of being uninterested?
disinterest, lack of interest, boredom, apathy, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels uninterested?
uninterested, disinterested, apathetic, bored, dull, lethargic, uncaring, unconcerned, unenthusiastic, half-hearted, lukewarm, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very uninterested?
could care less, couldn't care less, be bored to tears, be bored stiff, be bored out of your mind, someone's eyes glaze over, 
(5) What words describe someone who is not interested in anything?
bored, bored to tears, bored stiff
(6) What words refer to causing someone to feel uninterested?
bore (v), put you to sleep
(7) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel uninterested?
monotony, tedium, 
(8) What words refer to a person who is uninteresting?
bore (n), 
(9) What words describe something that is uninteresting?
uninteresting, not very interesting, boring, dull, tedious, uneventful, unexciting, humdrum, monotonous, repetitive, long-winded, 
(10) What words describe a place that is uninteresting
dead, one-horse town, nothing ever happens, drab, featureless, dreary
(11) What words refer to trying to find something that is interesting because you are bored?
relieve the boredom
(12) What words refer to something becoming uninteresting?
the novelty wears off, lose interest, get tired of, 
Confident
Use this domain for words related to feeling confident--to feel sure that you can do something.
(1) What words refer to feeling confident?
feel confident, sure of yourself, think positively, secure in yourself
(2) What words refer to the feeling of confidence?
confidence, morale, positive thinking, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels confident?
confident, assured, self-assured, assertive, 
(4) What words describe someone who is too confident?
overconfident, 
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel confident?
encourage, boost someone's morale, raise someone's confidence, 
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel confident?
encouragement, boost, morale raiser, 
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel confident?
encouraging, 
(8) What words refer to feeling more confident?
your morale rises
(9) What words refer to feeling less confident?
demoralize, shake someone's confidence, lose confidence
(10) What words describe someone who is not confident?
insecure, unsure of yourself
Feel bad
Use this domain for general words related to feeling bad.
(1) What words refer to feeling bad?
feel bad, 
(2) What words refer to bad feelings?
bad feelings, negative emotions, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels bad?
down, 
(4) What words refer to feeling bad for a long time?
bad attitude, be in a bad mood, 
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel bad?
get someone down, 
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel bad?
downer, 
Sad
Use this domain for words related to feeling sad--to feel bad because something bad has happened (such as losing something, hearing bad news, or watching something bad happening).
(1) What words refer to feeling sad?
be sad, feel sad, feel down, grieve, mourn, feel sorry for yourself, sulk, wallow in, feel hurt, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of sadness?
sadness, dejection, depression, despondency, dismal feeling, gloom, gloominess, grief, heartache, self-pity, misery, pain, sorrow, unhappiness, woe, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels sad?
sad, crestfallen, dejected, disappointed, discouraged, doleful, down, downcast, downhearted, fed up, forlorn, gloomy,  glum, grouchy, grumpy, with a heavy heart, homesick, low, melancholy, morose, mournful, pensive, sober (adj), solemn, sorry, sorrowful, sullen, unhappy, wistful, woeful, 
(4) What words refer to feeling sad because someone died?
grief, grieve, mourn, be in mourning, 
(5) What words refer to feeling very sad?
agony, anguish, desolate, despair, be in despair, disconsolate, grief stricken, heartbroken, inconsolable, miserable, misery, suicidal, woe
(6) What words refer to feeling sad for a long time?
depressed, despondent, down, be down in the dumps, feel blue, low, mope, 
(7) What words describe a time when a person feels sad?
sad, unhappy, miserable, 
(8) What words describe a person who usually feels sad?
discouraged, discouragement, depressed, depression, feel down, grouch, unhappy, unhappiness, 
(9) What words refer to causing someone to feel sad?
sadden, aggrieve, disappoint, depress, discourage, distress, grieve, hurt, sober (v), sting, torment, make someone sad, make someone unhappy, get someone down, break someone's heart, drive someone to despair, 
(10) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel sad?
heartbreak, heartache, discouragement, grief, downer, tragedy, bitter pill to swallow, woe
(11) What words describe something that causes someone to feel sad?
sad, depressing, grievous, heartbreaking, plaintive, mournful, tragic, 
(12) What words describe a place that causes someone to feel sad?
dismal, depressing, dreary, bleak, cheerless, 
(13) What do people do when they are sad?
hang your head, cry, frown, bewail, groan, lament, lamentation, sigh, wail
(14) What sounds does a person make when he is sad?
groan, moan, sigh
(15) What do people say when something bad happens and they want to say they are sad about it?
it's a pity, it's a shame, too bad, unfortunately, sadly, regrettably, it's unfortunate, it's sad, more's the pity, unhappily, I'm sorry, sorry to hear, sorry (that), wish that ... not (something hadn't happened), tragically, feel sorry for someone
(16) What words describe something that you wish had not happened?
unfortunate, regrettable,
(17) What do people say when they don't want someone to feel sad?
cheer up, 
(18) What words refer to helping someone who feels sad to feel good?
comfort, console, reassure, solace, 
Dislike
Use this domain for words related to not liking someone or something.
(1) What words refer to disliking something?
don't like, dislike (v), take a disliking to, take an instant dislike to, have a healthy dislike for, not be fond of, not keen on, not be crazy about, not think much of, not be someone's cup of tea, not be to your taste, not be to your liking, not be your thing, not be your type, have no time for, not take kindly to, don't care for, look down on, turn up your nose at, be unhappy with, hold in disfavor, feel unfavorable toward, be displeased with, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of dislike?
dislike (n), disliking, antipathy, aversion, displeasure, distaste, prejudice, 
(3) What words describe someone who dislikes something?
displeased, offended, prejudiced, 
(4) What words refer to causing someone to dislike something?
displease, offend, repel, trouble, upset, put someone off, turn someone against, 
(5) What words refer to something that causes someone to dislike something?
offense, 
(6) What words describe something that people dislike?
contemptible, deplorable, despicable, displeasing, distasteful, obnoxious, odious, offensive, unpleasant, not very nice, leave a bad taste in the mouth, morbid, 
(7) What words describe someone that people dislike?
disliked, bastard, disagreeable, horrible, mean, nasty, nasty piece of work, not very nice, objectionable, obnoxious, odious, off-putting, unpleasant, 
(8) What words describe a taste or smell that people dislike?
unpleasant, not very nice, nasty, unappetizing, unpalatable, 
(9) What words describe a sound that people dislike?
harsh, grating, rasping, 
(10) What words refer to stopping liking something?
go off, 
(11) What do people do to show they dislike something?
sneer, boo, 
Hate, detest
Use this domain for words related to hating someone or something--to dislike someone or something very much.
(1) What words refer to feeling hateful?
hate, abhor, have an abhorrence, abominate, deplore, despise, detest, loathe, have a loathing for, look down on, odium, feel unfriendly toward, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of hate?
hate, hating, hatred, abhorrence, aversion, loathing, repugnance, repulsion, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels hateful?
hateful, 
(4) What words describe a person who is hated?
hated, despised, detested, loathed, odious, resented, 
(5) What words describe something that causes someone to feel hateful?
hateful, abominable, deplorable, despicable, detestable, execrable, reprehensible, 
Disgusted
Use this domain for words related to feeling disgusted--to dislike something so much that you feel sick.
(1) What words refer to feeling disgusted by something?
be disgusted, execrate, feel awful, feel revolted, feel sick, shudder at the thought, shudder to think, turn away in disgust, be disgusted, be grossed out, can't stand, can't bear, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of disgust?
disgust, abhorrence, detestation, loathing, nausea, revulsion, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels disgusted?
disgusted, grossed out, nauseated, revolted, sickened, 
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel disgusted?
disgust, gross out, nauseate, revolt, sicken, turn your stomach, 
(5) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel disgusted?
abomination, execration, 
(6) What words describe something that causes someone to feel disgusted?
disgusting, abhorrent, abominable, awful, detestable, foul, gross, loathsome, nasty, nauseating, repugnant, repulsive, revolting, sick,  sickening, 
Disappointed
Use this domain for words related to feeling disappointed--to feel bad because something did not happen that you wanted to happen or someone did not do something that you wanted them to do.
(1) What words refer to feeling disappointed?
be disappointed, feel let down, feel blue, feel forlorn, not realize your hopes, have your hopes dashed, your heart sank, look blue, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of disappointment?
disappointment, frustration, letdown, bitter pill to swallow, forlorn hope, unfulfilled hopes, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels disappointed?
disappointed, crushed, disconcerted, discouraged, deflated, disillusioned, disenchanted, dispirited, frustrated, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very disappointed?
crushed, bitterly disappointed, 
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel disappointed?
disappoint, dash someone's hopes, demoralize, devastate, discourage, dishearten, disillusion, dissatisfy, jilt, let someone down, frustrate, 
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel disappointed?
disappointment, anticlimax, bitter pill to swallow, blow, letdown, discouragement, frustration, 
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel disappointed?
disappointing, be a disappointment, be an anticlimax, be a letdown, not live up to expectations, not all it's cracked up to be, discouraging, disheartening, frustrating, not up to par, 
Lonely
Use this domain for words related to feeling lonely--to feel bad because you are alone and not with people you love.
(1) What words refer to feeling lonely?
feel lonely, feel alone, feel isolated, feel abandoned, miss someone
(2) What words refer to the feeling of loneliness?
loneliness, homesickness, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels lonely?
lonely, lonesome, homesick, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very lonely?
pine away, 
Upset
Use this domain for word related to feeling upset--to feel very bad because someone has done something bad to you or because something bad has happened to you, so that your thinking and behavior is affected.
(1) What words refer to feeling upset about something?
be upset, hurt, distressed, troubled, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of being upset?
agitation, distress, uproar, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels upset?
upset, agitated, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very upset?
deeply hurt, deeply distressed, distraught, be in a state, be in an uproar, emotions in an uproar, torment, tormented, 
(5) What words refer to becoming upset?
get upset, get worked up, take something to heart, 
(6) What words refer to causing someone to feel upset?
upset someone, agitate, churn me up inside, discomfit, discompose, disconcert, distract, distress, disturb, hurt, hurt someone's feelings, perturb, pressure (v), rattle, stir, unsettle, 
(7) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel upset?
agitation, distraction, pressure, trauma, traumatic experience, turbulence, turmoil, 
(8) What words describe something that causes someone to feel upset?
upsetting, distressing, harrowing, painful, traumatic, 
(9) What words describe someone who gets upset easily?
sensitive,  
Shock
Use this domain for words related to feeling shocked--feeling both surprised and angry when something very bad suddenly happens or when someone does something very bad.
(1) What words refer to feeling shocked?
be shocked, feel shocked, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of shock?
shock, horror, outrage, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels shocked?
shocked, deeply shocked, stunned, shaken, dazed, speechless, horrified, aghast, mortified, outraged, scandalized
(4) What words refer to being very shocked or shocked for a long time?
be in a state of shock, traumatized, shattered
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel shocked?
shock, come as a shock, horrify, stun, shake, knock someone for a loop, drop a bombshell, outrage, rock, scandalize, traumatize, 
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel shocked?
shock (n), shocker, blow, bolt from the blue, bombshell, rude awakening, scandal, trauma, horror, 
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel shocked?
shocking, horrible, horrifying, shattering,  
Jealous
Use this domain for words related to feeling jealous--to feel bad when someone does well, has something good, receives something good, or something good happens to them, because you want what they have. Also use this domain for words for when a husband (or wife) is jealous because he thinks his wife loves someone else.
(1) What words refer to feeling envious?
be jealous, feel jealous, jealously, envy (v), begrudge, turn green, covet, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of jealousy?
jealousy, envy (n), covetousness, resentment, sour grapes, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels jealous?
jealous, possessive, envious, green with envy, covetous, jaundiced, resentful, bitter, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very jealous?
bitterly jealous, 
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel jealous?
make someone jealous, arouse jealousy, 
(6) What words refer to not feeling jealous?
not begrudge, 
Discontent
Use this domain for words related to feeling discontent.
(1) What words refer to feeling bad about your present conditions?
be discontent, complain, complaint, fuss, chafe, 
Sorry
Use this domain for words related to feeling sorry--to feel bad about something bad that you did.
(1) What words refer to feeling sorry?
feel sorry, be sorry, regret, feel remorse, feel convicted, conscience stricken, feel guilty, lament, rue, rue the day, ruefully, wish you hadn't done something, kick yourself, repent, be ashamed, feel ashamed, have a bad conscience, have a guilty conscience, be on your conscience, feel bad about, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of sorrow?
sorrow, regret, remorse, guilt, conviction, contrition, penitence, repentance, shame, conscience, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels sorry?
sorry, penitent, regretful, remorseful, rueful, convicted, guilty, contrite, repentant, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very ashamed?
guilt-ridden, 
(5) What words refer to feeling sorry for a long time?
gnaw at you, 
(6) What words refer to causing someone to feeling sorry?
convict, 
(7) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel sorry?
conscience, conviction
(8) What words describe something that causes someone to feel sorry?
convicting, 
(9) What do people say when they feel sorry?
why did I, why didn't I, I could have kicked myself, 
(10) What words refer to not feeling sorry?
impenitent, not regret, not be sorry, have no regrets, would do the same thing again, remorseless, unrepentant, not feel guilty, a clear conscience, have no qualms about, have no compunction, feel no compunction
(11) What words refer to trying to stop yourself from feeling sorry?
salve your conscience, clear your conscience, 
Ashamed
Use this domain for words related to feeling ashamed--to feel bad because people think you did something bad.
(1) What words refer to feeling ashamed?
be shamed, be ashamed, feel ashamed, feel disgraced, can't look someone in the face, lose face, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of shame?
shame (n), disgrace (n), humiliation, embarrassment, stigma, indignity, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels ashamed?
ashamed, disgraced, embarrassed, shamefaced, 
humiliated, 
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel ashamed?
shame (someone), abash, discredit, disgrace, dishonor, humiliate, reproach, bring shame on, sully, tarnish, 
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel ashamed?
disgrace, dishonor, indignity, scandal, 
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel ashamed?
shameful, degrading, disgraceful, dishonorable, humiliating, ignominious, opprobrious, scandalous, 
(8) What do people do to show they feel ashamed?
hang head, cower in shame, cringe, 
(9) What words refer to not feeling ashamed?
shameless, brazen, callous, shameless, unabashed, unashamed, 
Embarrassed
Use this domain for words related to feeling embarrassed--to feel bad in front of other people because you did or said something that makes you seem stupid.
(1) What words refer to feeling embarrassed?
be embarrassed, feel embarrassed, squirm, I could have died, I almost died
(2) What words refer to the feeling of embarrassment?
embarrassment, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels embarrassed?
embarrassed, self-conscious, uncomfortable, awkward, sheepish, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very embarrassed?
mortified, never felt so embarrassed in my whole life, 
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel embarrassed?
embarrass (someone), cause embarrassment, be an embarrassment, mortify, 
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel embarrassed?
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel embarrassed?
embarrassing, 
(8) What words refer to becoming red in the face because you are embarrassed?
blush, turn red, 
Angry
Use this domain for words related to feeling angry--to feel bad when someone does something wrong and to want to do something bad to them.
(1) What words refer to feeling angry?
be angry, feel angry, bristle, miffed, take offense, resent, be in a temper, pissed off, pissed, be worked up, be up in arms, in a huff, be disgusted, take something personally, take exception to, be put out, feel put out, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of anger?
anger, annoyance, bitterness, dander, fury, grudge, indignation, ire, outrage, rage, rancor, resentment, temper, wrath, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels angry?
angry, aggravated, bitter, embittered, cross, exasperated, incensed, indignant, irate, irked, irritated, mad, nettled, offended, peeved, perturbed, piqued, rancorous, resentful, riled, sore, upset, vexed, wroth, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very angry?
enraged, furious, furiously, incensed, infuriated, irate, livid, full of resentment, seething, be on the warpath, wrathful, have a tantrum, have a temper tantrum, boiling mad, 
(5) What words describe a person who gets angry often or easily?
have a temper, irascible, bilious, cantankerous, choleric, cranky, grouch, hot tempered, hot headed, ill-tempered, irascible, irritable, easily offended, quick-tempered, prim, prude, sensitive, thin-skinned, touchy, 
(6) What words refer to feeling angry for a long time?
boil, burn, chafe, fume, fuss, mope, seethe, simmer, smolder, stew, sulk, sullen, bear a grudge, hold a grudge against, have something against, have it in for, hold something against someone, there is no love lost between, 
(7) What words refer to becoming angry?
get angry, get mad, lose your temper, fly off the handle, blow your top, hit the roof, go crazy, go nuts, have a fit, go berserk, erupt, get your dander up, 
(8) What words refer to causing someone to feel angry?
anger (v), make someone angry, make someone mad, aggravate, antagonize, chafe, cross someone, disturb, embitter, enrage, exasperate, gall, incense, infuriate, insult (v), irk, madden, needle, nettle, offend, cause offense, peeve, perturb,  pique, provoke, rankle, rile, vex, make your blood boil, make you sick, get someone going, get someone's back up, wind someone up, be like a red flag to a bull, 
(9) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel angry?
affront, aggravation, bitter pill to swallow, insult (n), offense, outrage, provocation, vexation, 
(10) What words describe something that causes someone to feel angry?
aggravating, exasperating, galling, infuriating, insulting, irksome, maddening, objectionable, offending, offensive, vexing, 
(11) What words refer to acting in an angry manner?
make a scene, huff, have a tantrum, throw a tantrum, outburst, shake your fist, stamp your foot, let off steam, rant, rave, scowl, pout, 
(12) What words describe something said or done in an angry manner?
angry, furious, stormy, heated, furor, uproar, feelings run high, 
(13) What words refer to trying to stop someone from feeling angry?
conciliate, mollify, pacify, placate, soothe, 
(14) What words refer to becoming less angry?
cool off, cool down, settle down, count to ten, 
(15) What words describe something that is unlikely to cause someone to feel angry?
inoffensive, harmless, innocuous, 
Annoyed
Use this domain for words related to feeling annoyed--to feel a little angry because someone keeps doing something you don't like.
(1) What words refer to feeling annoyed?
be annoyed, feel annoyed, be fed up, be tired of, be sick of, have had enough of, have had it, have had it up to here, be at the end of your tether, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of annoyance?
annoyance, exasperation, frustration, irritation, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels annoyed?
annoyed, frustrated, hacked off, irritated, jaded, ticked off, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very annoyed?
exasperated, 
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel annoyed?
annoy, antagonize, bug, exacerbate, exasperate, frustrate, gall, harass, hassle, irritate, nag, needle, nettle, pester, piss someone off, much to my annoyance, it ticks me off, it hacks me off, get on your nerves, get under your skin, drive you crazy, drive you nuts, drive you up the wall, 
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel annoyed?
annoyance, exasperation, frustration, irritation, nuisance, pain in the neck, pain in the ass, pain in the butt, pest, 
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel annoyed?
annoying, exasperating, frustrating, irritating, galling, nettlesome, stupid, bloody, be a drag, 
Afraid
Use this domain for words related to fear--to feel bad because you think something bad might happen to you.
(1) What words refer to feeling afraid?
feel afraid, be afraid, fear (v), for fear of, have a horror of, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of fear?
fear (n), fright, alarm, foreboding, horror, panic (n), terror, trepidation, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels afraid?
afraid, fearful, frightened, alarmed, panicky, quaking, scared, skittish, weak-kneed, 
(4) What words refer to feeling very afraid?
terrified, terror, panic, panic-stricken, petrified, scared stiff, scared out of your wits, scared to death, 
(5) What words refer to feeling suddenly afraid because of something that happens?
get a fright, panic (v), go white as a sheet, nearly jump out of your skin, 
(6) What words refer to feeling afraid for a long time?
phobia, have a phobia about, live in fear, dread (n), dread (v), 
(7) What words refer to causing someone to feel afraid?
frighten, give someone a fright, frighten the life out of someone, alarm (v), cow (v), give someone the creeps, daunt, intimidate, petrify, rattle (v), scare, spook, startle, terrify, terrorize, unnerve, make your hair stand on end, make your blood run cold, 
(8) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel afraid?
scare (n), terror, horror, alarmist, 
(9) What words describe something that causes someone to feel afraid?
frightening, frightful, alarming, blood-curdling, chilling, creepy, dreadful, eerie, fearsome, forbidding, hair-raising, scary, spine-chilling, spooky, terrifying, 
(10) What words describe someone who is easily frightened?
scare easily, timid, be of a nervous disposition, 
(11) What words describe someone who is not afraid?
brave, bravely, bravery, courage, courageous, courageously, fearless, fearlessly, unafraid, 
(12) What are the signs that someone is afraid?
tremble, quail, quake, shake, shiver, shudder, heart pounds, teeth chatter, be paralyzed with fear, freeze, cower, crouch, cringe, jump, flinch, wince, shrink, slink, stampede, turn tail, turn white, blanch, cry out, goose-flesh, goose-pimples, goose-bumps, 
Worried
Use this domain for words related to feeling worried--to feel bad because you think something bad might happen.
(1) What words refer to feeling worried?
worry (v), feel worried, be worried, feel anxious, be anxious, be afraid, feel afraid, feel scared, feel unsure, agonize over, wonder what is going to happen, uneasy, fret, brood, lose sleep, not like the look of, not like the sound of, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of worry?
worry, anxiety, concern, stress, strain, anguish, uncertainty, lack of confidence, apprehension, dismay, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels worried?
worried, anxious, anxiously, apprehensive, bothered, concerned, dismayed, disturbed, strained, troubled, uneasy, unsettled, 
(4) What words refer to being a little worried?
feel a little worried, slightly worried, a bit anxious, not so sure
(5) What words refer to being very worried?
anxiety attack, really worried, really scared, really wondering, despair, despairing, desperate, desperation, be worried sick, be at your wits' end, frantic, frantically, 
(6) What words refer to being worried all the time?
have a lot on your mind, be under a strain, preoccupied, stressed out, 
(7) What words refer to being worried when there is nothing to worry about?
paranoid, paranoia, 
(8) What words refer to causing someone to feel worried?
worry someone, alarm (v), bother, concern (v), cause someone concern, disturb, trouble (v), bother, prey on your mind, cause concern, be a cause for concern, weigh on your mind, disquiet, 
(9) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel worried?
worry (n), alarm (n), burden, concern (n), trouble (n), care, stresses and strains, hang-up, complex, weight, 
(10) What words describe something that causes someone to feel worried?
worrying, worrisome, alarming, anxious, bothersome, disturbing, nerve-racking, stressful, tense, niggling, alarmist, 
(11) What words refer to someone who worries a lot?
be a worrier, worrywart, neurotic, hypochondriac, 
(12) What words refer to not being worried?
not worried, unworried, not concerned, unconcerned, unperturbed, not lose sleep over, don't care, without a care in the world, carefree, philosophical, 
(13) What words refer to not being worried about something that you were worried about before?
relief, relieved, be a weight off your mind, relax, 
(14) What words refer to helping someone stop worrying?
reassure, reassuring, reassurance, put your mind at rest, put someone at their ease, put someone out of their misery, 
(15) What do people say when they don't want someone to worry?
Don't worry. There's nothing to worry about. Rest assured. Never mind.
(16) What do people say when they don't need to worry anymore?
Thank God! Thank goodness! What a relief!
(17) What do people do when they are worried?
wring your hands, bite your lip, 
Nervous
Use this domain for words related to feeling nervous--to be worried and frightened that something bad may happen, so that you are unable to relax.
(1) What words refer to feeling nervous?
be nervous, be on edge, have butterflies (in your stomach), be on pins and needles, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of being nervous?
nerves, nervousness, tension, unease, stage fright, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels nervous?
nervous, apprehensive, edgy, fidgety, flustered, ill at ease, jittery, restless, tense, uneasy, uneasily, uptight
(4) What words refer to feeling very nervous?
agitated, be a bundle of nerves, excited, have the jitters, be jittery, jumpy,  nervous wreck, panicky, be in a state,
(5) What words describe someone who is often nervous?
nervous, high-strung, of a nervous disposition, 
(6) What words refer to causing someone to feel nervous?
make someone nervous, fluster, unsettle, unnerve, psych out, put someone on edge, 
(7) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel nervous?
strain, 
(8) What words describe something that causes someone to feel nervous?
tense, strained, uneasy, nail biting, charged, nerve-racking
(9) What words refer to causing someone to not feel nervous?
reassure, reassuring, reassurance, reassuringly, 
Shy, timid
Use this domain for words related to feeling shy--to feel bad (afraid) when you are with people because you think they might think something bad about you if you say or do something (for instance, being afraid to talk, feeling inadequate to do what is required in a social situation, or not feeling as good as other people).
(1) What words refer to feeling shy?
be shy, feel shy, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of shyness?
shyness, inhibition
(3) What words describe someone who feels shy?
shy, timid, uncomfortable, bashful, coy, diffident, reserved, withdrawn, introverted, inhibited
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel shy?
inhibit, intimidate, make you feel uncomfortable, 
(5) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel shy?
intimidation, 
(6) What words describe something that causes someone to feel shy?
inhibiting, intimidating, uncomfortable, 
(7) What words refer to not being shy?
come out of your shell, come out of yourself, open up
(8) What words refer to helping someone to not be shy?
bring someone out of their shell, bring someone out, put someone at ease, 
Confused
Use this domain for words related to feeling confused--to be worried and uncertain about what something means or what to do.
(1) What words refer to feeling confused?
be confused, be in a muddle, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of being confused?
confusion, bewilderment, mystification, perplexity, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels confused?
confused, baffled, befuddled, bemused, mystified, perplexed, puzzled, stupefied, unsure, 
(4) What words describe someone who is very confused?
bewildered, mixed-up
(5) What words refer to causing someone to feel confused?
confuse, baffle, befuddle, bewilder, distract, flummox, fluster, mystify, nonplus, perplex, puzzle (v), stupefy, throw, 
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to feel confused?
distraction, puzzle (n), mystery, 
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to feel confused?
confusing, puzzling, bewildering, baffling
(8) What words refer to confusing one thing for another?
confuse, mix someone up with, mix people up, get something mixed up with, get things mixed up, 
Communication
Use this domain for general words referring to communication of all kinds.
(1) What general words refer to communicating?
communicate, communication
Say
Use this domain for words related to saying something.
(1) What words refer to saying something?
say, speak, talk, tell, state, express, declare, proclaim, inform, pronounce, remark on, make a remark
(2) What words refer to something that is said?
saying, quote, declaration, tale, speech, profession, remark, statement
(3) What words refer to how something is said?
pronunciation
Voice
Use this domain for words referring to a person's voice and the way it sounds--the kind of sound a person makes when they speak or sing.
(1) What words refer to a person's voice?
voice
(2) What words describe the quality of a person's voice?
soft, harsh, loud, quiet, 
(3) What words describe a sound or voice that is high on the musical scale?
high, high-pitched, piercing, shrill, squeaky, tinny, 
(4) What words describe a sound or voice that is low on the musical scale?
low, deep, bass, rich, resonant, 
(5) What words describe a voice that is rough?
rough, throaty, husky, gruff, hoarse, 
Shout
Use this domain for words related to shouting--to speak loudly.
(1) What words refer to speaking loudly?
shout, speak loudly, yell, scream, talk in a loud voice, holler, call out, project your voice, aloud, exclaim, exclamation, vociferate, 
Speak quietly
Use this domain for words that describe a person speaking quietly.
(1) What words refer to speaking quietly?
speak quietly, talk softly, whisper, murmur, mumble, 
(2) What words refer to speaking without making any sound?
mouth the words, 
(3) What words do you use when you want someone to speak quietly?
tone it down, 
Speak a lot
Use this domain for words related to speaking a lot.
(1) What words refer to speaking a lot?
speak a lot, talkative, loquacious, verbose, 
(2) What words refer to speaking for a long time?
loquacious, verbose, wordy, run on, longwinded, compendious, interminable, 
Speak little
Use this domain for words related to speaking a little, either because you do not like to talk, or you think you should not talk.
(1) What words refer to speaking a little?
speak little, taciturn, shy, man of few words, uncommunicative, reticent, hold your tongue
(2) What words refer to saying something in a short time?
brevity, brief, concise, curt, pithy, succinct, synopsis, synoptic, terse, 
Say nothing
Use this domain for words related to being silent--to say nothing for some time.
(1) What words refer to not talking?
keep silent, keep quiet, say nothing, zip your lip, shut up, refrain from talking
(2) What words describe someone who is silent?
silent, quiet, close-mouthed, mum, mute, speechless, wordless
(3) What words refer to stopping someone from talking?
gag, hush, muffle, silence (v), 
(4) What words refer to a time when everyone is silent?
silence
Speech style
Use this domain for words describing the way a person talks in a particular social situation.
(1) What words refer to your style of speaking?
style, register, formal, informal, colloquial, humorously, seriously, pronunciation
Speak well
Use this domain for words related to speaking well.
(1) What words refer to speaking well?
speak well, be eloquent, be a good speaker, be an excellent speaker, be fluent, speak clearly, articulate, 
Speak poorly
Use this domain for words related to speaking poorly.
(1) What words refer to not being able to speak correctly?
slow of speech, not fluent, poor speaker, stutter, stammer, have a speech impediment
(2) What words refer to speaking so that people can't understand you?
speak incoherently, speak irrational, say nonsense, speak gibberish, No one could understand him. I can't understand you. I can't understand a word you are saying.
(3) What words refer to making a mistake when speaking?
stumble, misspeak, gaff, speak ungrammatically
(4) What words are used for speaking inappropriately?
speak inappropriately, be rude, crude, socially unacceptable, filthy speech, out of place, not fit for mixed company, shocking speech
(5) What words refer to not knowing what to say?
not know what to say, be speechless, tongue-tied, cat's got your tongue
(6) What words refer to speaking too long?
speak for too long, go over the time allotted, be long winded, speak forever
(7) What words refer to when a person wants to speak but hesitates?
hesitate, pause, false start
(8) What words describe something that has been said so often that people think it is stupid?
trite, over-used, stale, banal, be wearing thin, threadbare, clichéd, corny, hackneyed, shopworn, stereotyped, commonplace
Talk about a subject
Use this domain for words related to talking about a subject.
(1) What words refer to talking about a subject?
talk about, dwell on, discuss, address, treat, cover, 
(2) What words refer to the thing being talked about?
subject, topic, theme, issue, question, matter, business, thing, 
(3) What words refer to a part of a subject?
point, aspect, 
(4) What words refer to starting to talk about something?
bring up, raise, broach, introduce, launch into, 
(5) What words refer to starting to talk about a different subject?
change topics, switch topics, turn to, get onto, 
(6) What words refer to talking about the subject you are supposed to be talking about?
get to the point, stick to the point, to the point, 
(7) What words refer to starting to talk about something else instead of what you are supposed to be talking about?
get off the subject, digress, get sidetracked, stray from, ramble, lose the thread, where was I? 
Announce
Use this domain for words related to announcing something--communicating something to many people.
(1) What words refer announcing something?
announce, declare, proclaim, publicize, publish, broadcast, make something public, make known, promote, advertise, inform, post
(2) What words refer to what is announced?
announcement, publicity, propaganda
(3) What words describe something that has been communicated to many people?
well publicized
Describe
Use this domain for words related to describing something--to say some things about something.
(1) What words refer to describing something?
describe, give a description of, portray, depict, paint a picture, characterize, define, redefine, represent, treat
(2) What words refer to describing an event?
describe, talk about, write about, give an account of, tell of
(3) What words refer to what you say when you describe something?
description, descriptive, portrayal, profile, account, report, commentary, characterization, definition, redefinition, depiction, representation, 
Explain
Use this domain for words related to explaining something--to help someone to understand something.
(1) What words refer to explaining something?
explain, throw light on, shed light on, enlighten, elucidate, by way of explanation, 
(2) What words do people use when they start to explain something?
in other words, let me explain, that is, to put it another way, put it like this, put it this way, let me rephrase that, 
(3) What words refer to explaining how something works or how to do something?
tell, explain, demonstrate, give instructions, 
(4) What words refer to explaining something difficult using simple language?
simplify, demystify, 
(5) What words refer to explaining something completely?
set out, 
(6) What words refer to what you say when you explain something?
explanation, account, instructions, directions, 
Mention
Use this domain for words related to mentioning something--to talk about something but without saying much about it.
(1) What words refer to mentioning something?
mention, refer to, allude to, touch on, say briefly, 
Introduce
Use this domain for words related to introducing a new subject--to start talking or writing about something new for the first time.
(1) What words refer to talking about something for the first time?
introduce, lead into, bring up, raise, broach a subject, 
(2) What words refer to what is said when you introduce something?
introduction, lead-in, introductory
Repeat
Use this domain for words related to repeating something--saying something a second time.
(1) What words refer to saying something a second time?
repeat, repeat yourself, say again, iterate, recapitulate, reiterate, reaffirm
(2) What words refer to saying something many times?
say it over and over, keep saying
(3) What words refer to repeating an important part of a speech?
go over, recap, review
(4) What words refer to repeating what someone else said?
repeat, quote, echo, parrot, regurgitate
(5) What words refer to what is said a second time?
repetition, recapitulation
(6) What do you say when you want someone to repeat something?
Summarize
Use this domain for words referring to summarizing what you have said or what someone else has said.
(1) What words refer to repeating what someone has said, but saying it in fewer words?
summarize, summary, review, recap
(2) What words refer to a brief description of the major points or features of something?
summarize, summary, synopsis, overview
Emphasize
Use this domain for words related to emphasizing something--to say something in a way that other people know that you think this thing is important.
(1) What words refer to the placing of importance on something?
emphasize, stress
(2) What words refer to the importance placed on something?
emphasis, stress, importance
(3) What words describe something that is emphasized?
important, stand out, be conspicuous, be prominent
Be about, subject
Use this domain for words that express the idea that something (said, written, thought, or made) depicts or is about a subject, or that something is logically related to some topic. Also use this domain for words that mark the topic or subject of what is being thought about, talked about, or written about. Verbs of thinking, knowing, or speaking (including other types of expression) can take a 'topic' role. We can think of a 'topic' as the main idea. Use this domain also for the important thing in a picture.
(1) What words refer to being about something or someone?
be about something, concern, deal with, be concerned with, center on, focus on, address, cover, depict, discuss, dwell on, present, portray, treat, 
(2) What words indicate what something is about?
about, on, concerning, on the subject of, regarding, re, with regard to, in, of, 
(3) What words refer to the thing something is about?
True
Use this domain for words that indicate if something is true, if it agrees with reality, or if it is not true.
(1) What words indicate that a statement agrees with reality?
true, truth, accurate, in fact, right, correct
(2) What words indicate that something is not true?
untrue, false, falsehood, wrong, error, inaccurate, incorrect, mistake
Tell the truth
Use this domain for words related to telling the truth.
(1) What words refer to telling the truth?
tell the truth, speak the truth, be honest, be open, be up front, play fair, level with, lay/put your cards on the table, testify, witness, reveal, 
(2) What words describe a person who tells the truth?
honest, truthful, sincere, straight, open, scrupulous, upright, 
(3) What words refer to telling the truth without hiding anything?
honest, to be honest, in all honesty, frank, candid, direct, straightforward, tell someone straight, 
(4) What words refer to telling the truth without caring how other people feel?
forthright, blunt, outspoken, bald, speak your mind, not beat about the bush, make no bones about, not mince your words, call a spade a spade, pull no punches, 
(5) What words refer to the quality of telling the truth?
honesty, integrity, truthfulness, scruples, 
Tell a lie
Use this domain for words related to lying--to say something that is not true.
(1) What words refer to saying something that is not true?
lie, tell a lie, pervert truth, deceive, tell tales, perjure, make up
(2) What words refer to a lie?
lie, falsehood, fib, white lie, half-truth, perjury, propaganda
(3) What words refer to someone who lies?
liar
Contradict
Use this domain for words related to contradicting someone--to say that something someone has said is not true.
(1) What words refer to contradicting what someone has said?
contradict, speak in opposition to, disagree with, speak against, deny, dispute, argue against
Expose falsehood
Use this domain for words related to exposing falsehood--to do something to show that someone has told a lie.
(1) What words refer to exposing falsehood?
testify, expose falsehood, catch in a lie, contradict, enlighten, substantiate, provide evidence, call a liar
Real
Use this domain for words that indicate if something is real.
(1) What words describe something that is real?
real, actual, genuine, 
(2) What words describe something that is real and not imagined?
actual, concrete, fact, factual, nonfiction, real, reality, true
(3) What words describe something that is not real?
unreal, artificial, imaginary, phony, pretend, 
Exaggerate
Use this domain for words referring to exaggerating--reporting information but saying something untrue that makes the information seem bigger or more important than it really is.
(1) What words refer to exaggerating?
exaggerate, stretch the truth, inflate your story, distort, overemphasize, overstate, overemphasize, overrate, overdo, make too much of, blow something out of proportion, lay it on thick, dramatize, be melodramatic, be overly dramatic
(2) What words refer to what is said when you exaggerate?
exaggeration, overstatement
(3) What words describe an exaggerated statement?
exaggerated, extravagant, melodramatic
Speak with others
Use this domain for words referring to carrying on a conversation with other people.
(1) What words refer to carrying on a conversation with other people?
speak with, converse, carry on a conversation, talk with, talk to, chat, discuss
(2) What words refer to an event or time period when people talk to each other?
conversation, discussion
(3) What words refer to what is talked about?
topic (of conversation)
(4) What words modify the length of time?
long (conversation, talk), brief (conversation)
Call
Use this domain for words related to calling someone--to say something loud because you want someone who is far away to listen to you.
(1) What words refer to calling someone?
call, holler at, yell to, yell at, get someone's attention
(2) What words refer to calling someone on the telephone?
call, phone (v)
Contact
Use this domain for words related to contacting someone--to communicate with someone who is far away from you using some communication device such as a telephone.
(1) What words refer to contacting someone?
get in touch with, contact, make contact with, approach, get onto, 
(2) What words refer to regularly contacting someone?
be in contact, keep in touch, stay in touch, keep in contact, communicate, 
(3) What words refer to succeeding in contacting someone?
get hold of, get through, reach, 
(4) What words refer to the process by which people contact each other?
communication, contact, 
(5) What words refer to no longer communicating with someone?
lose touch, lose contact, 
Greet
Use this domain for words related to greeting someone.
(1) What words refer to greeting someone?
greet, say hello
(2) What words describe a greeting?
greet warmly, warm greeting, cool reception, enthusiastic greeting
(3) What gestures typically accompany a greeting?
shake hands, bow, salute, give a hug, give a kiss, wave hello
(4) What words refer to a refusal to greet someone?
refuse to greet, snub, ignore
(5) What words and expressions are used when greeting someone?
Say farewell
Use this domain for words related to saying farewell.
(1) What words refer to saying farewell?
say farewell, say goodbye
(2) What words and expressions are used when saying farewell?
Goodbye. See you later. Have a good day.
Speak in unison
Use this domain for words related to speaking in unison--to say something at the same time as someone else.
(1) What words refer to someone talking at the same time as someone else?
interrupt, talk at the same time
(2) What words refer to many people speaking in unison?
speak in unison, speak at once, congregational reading
Ask
Use this domain for words related to asking a question.
(1) What words refer to saying something in order to get information?
ask, question, inquire, interrogate, interview
(2) What words refer to what is said?
question, inquiry, interrogation, interview
(3) What words describe someone who asks a lot of questions?
inquisitive, curious
Answer
Use this domain for words related to answering a question.
(1) What words refer to answering a question?
answer, give an answer, reply, get back to, respond, acknowledge
(2) What words refer to what is said in answer?
answer, response, reply, acknowledgment, rebuttal, rejoinder, return, echo, feedback, immediate response, answer by return mail
(3) What words refer to a humorous answer?
snappy comeback, retort, repartee
(4) What words describe an answer?
carefully worded, careful, well thought through, off the cuff, off hand, wise, stupid, thoughtless, foolish
(5) What words refer to the time it takes to answer?
take a long time to answer, take your time to answer, quick reply, response time
(6) What words refer to not having an answer or not knowing what to answer?
have no answer, lack answer, not know what to answer, don't know how to answer, don't know what to say, don't have an answer, can't answer
Disclose
Use this domain for words that refer to discovering and revealing unknown information.
(1) What words refer to discovering information?
discover, uncover, detect, find out
(2) What words refer to disclosing information?
disclose, unmask, expose, reveal, unveil, bring to light
(3) What words describe something that is not hidden?
open, openly, in the open, for all to see
Hide your thoughts
Use this domain for words related to hiding your thoughts.
(1) What words refer to hiding information?
hide, not show, conceal, keep secret, cover up, suppress, repress, disguise, mask, put on a brave face, bottle something up, be non-committal, sweep something under the rug, cover your tracks
(2) What words describe something that is hidden?
cover-up, whitewash, hidden, suppressed, repressed, disguised, veiled, secret, secrecy
(3) What words refer to something that is used to hide something?
cover, front, smokescreen, blind
Debate
Use this domain for words referring to debating--for two or more people to discuss some issue and try to persuade the other person to accept one's view.
(1) What words refer to debating with someone?
debate, argue, dispute, discuss, contend, negotiate, 
(2) What words refer to saying something in reply to something someone said?
reply, contradict, say in rebuttal, rebuttal, refute, rejoinder
Demonstrate
Use this domain for words referring to demonstrating something--to do something that shows the truth of a statement, or shows how to do something.
(1) What words refer to demonstrating something?
demonstrate, show, show how, substantiate, prove, give proof, verify, authenticate, confirm, corroborate, give evidence, establish, make good
(2) What words refer to an event when you demonstrate something?
demonstration, 
Quarrel
Use this domain for words related to quarreling--to fight with words.
(1) What words refer to quarreling?
quarrel (v), altercate, argue, bicker, clash, contend with, differ, disagree, dispute (v), dissent, feud (v), fight (v), quibble, row (v), scrap, squabble (v), wrangle (v), find fault with, 
(2) What words refer to a quarrel between people?
quarrel (n), altercation, arguing, argument, bickering, contention, controversy, disagreement, dispute (n), feud (n), fight (n), fracas, row (n), ruckus, rumpus, spat, squabble (n), tiff, wrangle (n), wrangling, friendly argument, heated debate, 
(3) What words refer to something someone says in an quarrel?
argument, argumentation, angry words, disputation, 
(4) What words refer to something people quarrel about?
bone of contention, 
(5) What words describe someone who quarrels often?
quarrelsome, contentious, argumentative, combative, pugnacious, faultfinding
Praise
Use this domain for words related to praising someone or something--to say something good about someone, or to say that someone did something good.
(1) What words refer to praising someone?
praise, acclaim, approve, commend, compliment, eulogize, exalt, extol, glorify, honor (v), give credit, recognize, laud, magnify, sing your praises, speak well of, express your approval, go into raptures over, 
praise (n), acclaim, accolade, adoration, approval, bouquet, commendation, compliment (n), credit, eulogy, glory, honor (n), kudos, paean, panegyric, plaudit, recognition, tribute, 
(3) What words describe something that people praise?
praiseworthy, commendable, commendatory, creditable, laudable, laudatory
(4) What exclamations do people use when speaking well of someone?
praise the Lord, hallelujah, hosanna, 
Thank
Use this domain for words related to thanking someone--to tell someone that you feel good about something they did for you.
(1) What words refer to thanking someone?
thank, say thank you, express your thanks, acknowledge (a gift), appreciate, show your appreciation, express your gratitude, show gratitude, recognize, in recognition of, 
(2) What words refer to the act of expressing thanks?
thanks, thank you, thankfulness, thanksgiving, acknowledgement, 
(3) What words describe a person who feels thankful?
thankful, grateful, gratefully, appreciate, appreciative, be indebted to, owe, 
(4) What words refer to the feeling of wanting to thank someone?
appreciation, gratitude, 
(5) What do people say when they thank someone?
(6) What do people say when someone thanks them?
(7) What words refer to not thanking someone?
ingratitude
(8) What words describe a person who does not thank someone?
unthankful, unappreciative, ungrateful, 
(9) What words refer to a person who does not thank someone?
ingrate, ungrateful wretch, 
(10) What words describe someone that no one thanks?
unappreciated, 
(11) What words describe something someone does that no one thanks him for?
thankless (task), unacknowledged, unappreciated, 
Flatter
Use this domain for words referring to flattering someone--saying something nice to someone but not meaning it.
(1) What words refer to flattering someone?
flatter, ingratiate, adulate, blandish, cajole, 
Boast
Use this domain for words related to boasting--to say something good about yourself, especially to make it seem that you are better than you really are.
(1) What words refer to boasting?
boast, brag, claim, crow, bravado, name-drop, praise yourself, swagger, toot your own horn, blow your own trumpet, vaunt yourself, 
(2) What words refer to the act of boasting?
boasting, bragging, name-dropping, 
(3) What words refer to what is said when boasting?
boast (n), claim (n), 
(4) What words describe a person who boasts?
boastful, vain, proud, bigheaded, be all talk, be all bluster, 
(5) What words refer to a person who boasts?
blowhard, braggart, bighead, name-dropper
Criticize
Use this domain for words related to criticizing someone or something--to say that something is bad, especially something that someone did.
(1) What words refer to criticizing someone or something?
criticize, be critical, be a critic of, critique, accuse, attack, launch into an attack on, badmouth, belittle, blame, carp, cavil, censure, cite, charge, decry, denounce, deprecate, deride, disparage, gibe, harangue, judge, lay into, mock, rake someone over the coals, recriminate, reprehend, reproach, ridicule, scoff, speak evil of, tear down (someone), voice your disapproval, 
(2) What words refer to strongly criticizing someone or something?
slam, pan, tear to shreds, pillory, do a hatchet job on, blast, castigate, condemn, damn, excoriate, execrate, 
(3) What words refer to criticizing someone in an unfair way?
find fault with, pick holes in, knock, run down, denigrate, put down, get at, 
(4) What words refer to something someone says when criticizing?
criticism, critique (n), accusation, attack (n), belittlement, castigation, censure, charge, condemnation, denigration, denouncement, denunciation, deprecation, derision, disapproval, disparagement, excoriation, execration, faultfinding, gibe (n), harangue (n), judgment, malediction, put-down, recrimination, reprehension, ridicule (n), slur, 
(5) What words describe something someone says when criticizing?
critical (remark/essay), belittling, deprecatory, disparaging, scathing, 
(6) What words refer to a person who often criticizes other people?
critic, 
(7) What words describe someone who often criticizes other people?
critical, captious, censorious, hypercritical, judgmental, 
(8) What words refer to being criticized by someone else?
receive criticism, come in for criticism, be under attack, come under attack, get a lot of flak, take a lot of flak, be open to criticism, 
(9) What words refer to someone who is criticized?
target, 
(10) What words refer to not criticizing someone?
don't blame, can't blame, 
Blame
Use this domain for words related to blaming someone for something--to say that someone did something, and because of this something bad happened.
(1) What words refer to blaming someone for something?
blame someone for something, blame something on someone, say something is somebody's fault, put the blame on, lay the blame on, apportion blame, hold someone responsible, 
(2) What words refer to blaming yourself for something?
blame yourself, reproach yourself, 
(3) What words refer to being blamed for something?
get the blame, get blamed for, take the blame, take the rap, carry the can, take the fall, 
(4) What words refer to someone who is unfairly blamed for something?
scapegoat, fall guy, 
(5) What words refer to blaming someone else for something that is your fault?
shift the blame, pass the buck, 
(6) What words refer to saying that someone is not to blame for something?
exonerate, give someone the benefit of the doubt, 
(7) What words refer to people blaming each other for something?
recriminations, 
(8) What words refer to feeling bad about someone because you think they are to blame for something?
reproach (n), 
Insult
Use this domain for words related to insulting someone--to say that someone is bad.
(1) What words refer to insulting someone?
insult (v), insult (n), offend, offense, rebuke, criticize, curse, speak evil of
Mock
Use this domain for words referring to mocking someone--doing or saying something to make people laugh at someone because you don't like them.
(1) What words refer to mocking someone?
mock, mockery, make fun of, tease, taunt, ridicule, scorn, sneer, sarcasm, deride, derision, jeer, laugh at, snicker, snigger, poke fun at, play a trick on, satirize, satire, parody, caricature, lampoon, make a fool of, roast
(2) What words describe something that is said or done to mock someone?
derisive, mock (adj), sarcastic, cutting, satirical, burlesque
(3) What words refer to someone who is being mocked?
laughingstock, fool, target, butt, buffoon, fall guy
(4) What words refer to doing something that causes someone to mock you?
be ridiculous, make a fool of yourself
Gossip
Use this domain for words related to gossip--to say something bad about a person who is not with you.
(1) What words refer to gossiping?
gossip, talk about someone behind their back, bitch about, slag off, bad-mouth, start a whispering campaign, tattle, stab in the back, tell tales, start a rumor, spread rumors, spread an evil report, slander
(2) What words refer to what is said in gossip?
gossip, rumor, tale, report, juicy detail, hearsay, scandal, slander, second hand story
(3) What words refer to someone who gossips?
gossip, busybody, talebearer, tattler, tattletale, chatterer, slanderer
(4) What do rumors do?
circulate, float, go around, be all over town, get spread
Complain
Use this domain for words related to complaining--to say that you don't like something.
(1) What words refer to complaining?
complain, beef, blame, fuss, grouch, grouse, growl, murmur, mutter, object, protest, squawk, wail, yap, make a complaint, lodge a complaint, file a complaint, take it up with, take the matter up with, make a fuss, kick up a fuss, air your grievances, yammer, 
(2) What words refer to complaining all the time?
bitch, gripe (v), grumble, moan, nag (v), whine, go on about, 
(3) What words refer to someone who complains?
complainer, fusspot, grumbler, misery, nag (n), 
(4) What words describe someone who complains?
complaining, fretful, querulous, 
(5) What words refer to something someone says when complaining?
complaint, complaining, grumbling, protest, whining, 
(6) What words refer to something that someone complains about?
complaint, grievance, gripe, grumble, objection, cause for complaint, 
(7) What words describe something someone says when complaining?
plaintive, whiny
Promise
Use this domain for words related to promising to do something--to say that you will do something in the future.
(1) What words refer to promising to do something?
promise, agree, commit, guarantee, assure, swear, 
(2) What words refer to something someone promises to do?
promise (n), commitment, assurance, guarantee, pledge, plight, troth, word
(3) What words refer to doing what you promised?
keep, fulfill, make good, 
(4) What words refer to not doing what you promised?
break, renege on, go back on promise, 
(5) What words refer to asking someone to do what he promised?
hold you to your promise, 
(6) What words refer to allowing someone to not do what he promised?
release someone from a promise, 
Make speech
Use this domain for words related to making a speech--to talk for a long time to many people.
(1) What words refer to making a speech?
make a speech, give a speech, preach, sermonize, teach, lecture (v), give a talk on, address (v), orate, public speaking
(2) What words refer to the person making the speech?
speaker, preacher, teacher, lecturer
(3) What words refer to the people listening to the speech?
audience
(4) What words refer to what is said?
speech, sermon, lecture (n), talk (n), address (n), oration, homily
(5) What words refer to the parts of a speech?
introduction, body of a speech, point, make a point, conclusion, concluding remarks, 
(6) What words refer to knowing or learning how to give a good speech?
oratory, homiletics
(7) What words describe a speaker who talks for a long time?
long winded
Report
Use this domain for words related to reporting something--to say that something has happened and to tell about it.
(1) What words refer to reporting about something that has happened?
to report, give a report, give an account, broadcast, claim
(2) What words refer to the message that is reported?
report, account
News, message
Use this domain for words referring to something someone says, which relays information from someone else, or about something someone has done.
(1) What words refer to something someone says?
news, message, report, account
(2) What words refer to someone who takes a message to someone?
messenger
Figurative
Use this domain for words referring to figurative speech--saying something that is not meant to be understood literally (according to the normal meaning of each word), or saying something that compares one thing to another.
(1) What words refer to figurative speech?
figurative, not literal, metaphorical, figure of speech, colorful language
(2) What words refer to particular types of figures of speech?
metaphor, simile, comparison
Admit
Use this domain for words referring to admitting something--saying that you have done wrong, or that your beliefs were wrong
(1) What words refer to admitting something?
admit, confess, acknowledge
(2) What words refer to refusing to admit something?
deny, disavow, disclaim
Language
Use this domain for words referring to a language.
(1) What words refer to a language?
language, tongue, speech, lingo
(2) What words refer to the type of language a person speaks?
dialect, foreign language, accent, pidgin, slang, colloquial, 
(3) What words refer to the first language you learned as a child?
first language, mother-tongue, native speaker
(4) What words refer to the language used to talk about a particular subject?
terminology, jargon, specialized vocabulary, technical terms, 
(5) What words refer to a special or secret language?
code, sign language, computer language
(6) What words are used to talk about language?
linguistics, linguistic, metalanguage, vocabulary, dictionary, grammar, syntax, morphology, phonology, phonetics, sounds, semantics, meaning, pragmatics, rhetoric, pronunciation
Word
Use this domain for words that refer to words and groups of words.
(1) What words refer to a word?
word, term, verbal, 
(2) What words refer to words that are similar in meaning?
synonym, synonymous, derivative, antonym, opposite of, 
(3) What words refer to words that are similar in sound?
homograph, homonym, homophone, homophonous, rhyme, 
(4) What words refer to the way a word should be said?
pronunciation, pronounce, stress, tone, vocalization, 
(5) What words refer to the way a word should be written?
spelling, spell, misspell
(6) What words refer to a new word?
coin a term, coinage, neologism, 
(7) What words refer to an old word?
archaic, archaism, 
(8) What words refer to the history of a word?
etymology, derivation, etymon, 
(9) What words refer to special words?
acronym, anagram, 
(10) What words refer to special words that are used to talk about a particular area of life?
terminology, jargon, technical term, specialized vocabulary, 
(11) What words refer to all the words of a language?
vocabulary, lexicon, dictionary, glossary, 
(12) What words refer to a short form of a word?
abbreviation, abbreviate, be short for, for short, stand for, contraction, 
(13) What words refer to a section of speech?
phrase, clause, sentence, utterance, discourse, formation, locution, 
(14) What words refer to a section of writing?
paragraph, text, section, chapter, point, construction, document, passage, portion, 
(15) What words refer to a group of words that express a particular meaning?
adage, aphorism, byword, cliché, dictum, epigram, expression, idiom, motto, phrase, proverb, saying, slogan, watchword, 
(16) What words refer to two words that are often used together?
collocate, collocate (v), 
Information
Use this domain for words referring to information--something someone says about something.
(1) What words refer to information?
information, info, content, facts, details, particulars, data
(2) What words refer to an organized collection of information?
file, record, dossier, database
(3) What words describe something that gives a lot of information?
informative
Story
Use this domain for words referring to a story.
(1) What words refer to a story?
story, tale, 
(2) What words refer to telling a story?
tell a story, relate, narrate
(3) What words refer to a story about a person's life?
my/your/his story, tell about yourself, biography, biographical, biographer, autobiography, autobiographical, 
(4) What words refer to someone who tells a story?
storyteller, narrator, 
Fable, myth
Use this domain for words referring to a fable or myth--a story that people tell that is not true.
(1) What words refer to fables?
fable, myth, tale, fairytale, tall tale, legend, fiction, folklore, lore, parable, 
Saying, proverb
Use this domain for words referring to a saying or proverb--a short thing that people say to teach something.
(1) What words refer to a saying?
saying, proverb, adage, axiom, byword, expression, formula, maxim, moral, saw, truism, household word, well-turned phrase
(2) What words refer to a saying taken from a book or movie?
quotation, 
(3) What words refer to a saying used by someone to express their beliefs?
motto, slogan, catchphrase, 
(4) What words refer to a saying that is used so often that people think it is stupid?
cliché, platitude, 
(5) What words describe a saying?
proverbial, axiomatic, pithy, succinct, terse, 
(6) What words do people use to begin a saying?
as the saying goes, as they say, to coin a phrase, 
Riddle
Use this domain for words referring to a riddle--something someone says that is hard to understand.
(1) What words are used for short sayings or questions that have a meaning that someone has to figure out?
riddle, conundrum, enigma, puzzle, problem
(2) What words are used of telling a riddle?
tell a riddle, give a riddle
(3) What words are used of solving a riddle?
solve the riddle, figure out the riddle, guess the meaning of the riddle, tell the meaning of the riddle
Poetry
Use this domain for words related to poetry.
(1) What words refer to poems?
poetry, poem, poetic, sonnet, verse, rhyme, nursery rhyme, ballad, epic poem
(2) What words refer to a collection of poems?
anthology
(3) What words refer to a person who writes poetry?
poet
(4) What words refer to saying a poem?
recite
(5) What words refer to a part of a poem?
line, stanza, verse
(6) What words refer to the features of a poem?
rhyme, rhythm
History
Use this domain for words related to history.
(1) What words refer to history?
history, historical, archaeology, chronology, 
(2) What words refer to a time period in history?
era, epoch, civilization, period, age
(3) What words refer to a person who studies history?
historian, archaeologist
Verbal tradition
Use this domain for words referring to verbal tradition--something that your ancestors told to each successive generation.
(1) What words refer to verbal tradition?
verbal tradition, hand down a tradition
Foolish talk
Use this domain for words related to foolish talk--something someone says that other people think is silly or stupid.
(1) What words refer to foolish talk?
foolish talk, foolishness, babble, balderdash, bilge, blather, chit-chat, drivel, falderal, gossipy, hooey, humbug, idle talk, joking, nonsense, prate, prattle, stupidity, twaddle
(2) What words describe foolish talk?
foolish, meaningless, silly, stupid, 
(3) What words refer to a person who says foolish things?
babbler, fool, 
Obscenity
Use this domain for obscene words related to sex, defecation, death, damnation, and other taboo or offensive subjects. It is important to check the appropriateness of including obscene words in the dictionary. It should be the choice of the speakers of the language whether a word should be included or excluded. Obscene words included in the dictionary should be clearly marked as such. Obscenity is often used to heighten the emotion of an expression, and is often used when someone is angry. Obscenity is often associated with sex or defecation. Cursing is often associated with God, religion, or the afterlife. Insults often involve equating a person with an animal that is associated with an undesirable characteristic, questioning someone's parentage/legitimacy, questioning someone's character, or questioning someone's intelligence/sanity.
(1) What words refer to speech that is considered offensive or improper?
bad language, strong language, swear word, four letter word, curse, obscenities, profanity, swearing, unprintable, 
(2) What words refer to using obscenity?
swear, curse, cuss, 
(3) What words are used in an obscene way?
damn, damn it, God damn, Hell, shit, screw, fuck, bastard, son of a bitch, bitch, 
(4) What words describe speech or actions that are obscene?
obscene, coarse, crude, dirty, filthy, improper, indecent, lewd, naughty, profane, risqué, rude, saucy, suggestive, vulgar, 
(5) What words describe someone who uses obscenities a lot?
foul-mouthed, 
Sign, symbol
Use this domain for words referring to a sign or symbol--a picture or shape that has a meaning.
(1) What words refer to an object or picture that represents something?
sign, symbol, emblem, logo, insignia, flag, 
Gesture
Use this domain for words referring to gesturing--moving a part of the body to communicate a message.
(1) What words refer to gesturing?
gesture (v), gesticulate, sign (v), make a sign, signal, give the signal, beckon, indicate, motion, nod, non-verbal, shrug, nudge, wave, wink, thumb your nose at, 
(2) What words refer to a gesture?
gesture (n), sign (n), signal
Point at
Use this domain for words related to pointing at something--to move a part of your body toward something so that people will look at it.
(1) What words refer to indicating something?
indicate, point to, point at, point out, signal that, gesture towards
Facial expression
Use this domain for facial expressions--ways in which people move the parts of their faces to show feeling or communicate something.
(1) What words refer to a facial expression?
expression, look, face, countenance, facial expression, the look on someone's face, 
(2) What words refer to an expression using the eyes?
stare, glare, roll your eyes, wink, blink, lift your eyes, raise your eyebrows, narrow your eyebrows, wrinkle your brow, 
(3) What words refer to an expression using the mouth?
lick your lips, smack your lips, kiss, purse your lips, 
(4) What words refer to making an expression on your face?
make a face, get an expression on your face, have an expression on your face, give someone (an expression)
(5) What words refer to making a particular expression?
frown (in disapproval or worry), gape, grimace (in pain), pout, scowl, snarl, start, 
(6) What words refer to smiling?
smile, grin, beam, be all smiles, force a smile, smirk, leer, sneer, wide grin, big smile, half smile, slight smile
(7) What words refer to starting to smile?
break into a smile, someone's face lights up, 
(8) What words describe a face that shows a lot of feeling?
expressive, animated, 
(9) What words describe a face that shows no feeling?
expressionless, impassive, blank, deadpan, inscrutable, poker-faced, 
(10) What words describe an expression that shows a particular feeling?
cheerful, solemn, horrified, pained, wry, 
Laugh
Use this domain for words related to the expression of good feelings, including laughing--the sounds a person makes when he is enjoying himself or thinks something is funny.
(1) What general words refer to laughing?
laugh, laughter, laugh at (something), have a laugh
(2) What words describe the way a person laughs?
laugh aloud, laugh out loud, chortle, heehaw, guffaw, cackle, yuck it up, squeal with laughter, canned laughter
(3) What words refer to laughing a little or quietly?
laugh silently, chuckle, giggle, ripple of laughter, titter, twitter, 
(4) What words refer to laughing a lot or loudly?
roar with laughter, laugh uproariously, howl with laughter, shriek with laughter, hearty laugh, peals of laughter, laugh helplessly, laugh your head off, laugh hysterically, have hysterics, roll in the aisle, almost die laughing, double up, convulsed with laughter, split your sides
(5) What words refer to laughing for a long time?
can't stop laughing, have the giggles, fall over/about laughing, have a good laugh, laugh till the tears roll down your cheeks
(6) What words refer to laughing at someone because they did something wrong?
laugh at, mock, titter, snicker, snigger
(7) What words refer to beginning to laugh?
start laughing, burst out laughing, burst of laughter, dissolve into laughter
(8) What words refer to causing someone to laugh?
make someone laugh, amuse, crack someone up, have someone in hysterics, have someone in stitches, tickle, ticklish
(9) What words describe someone or something that causes people to laugh?
laughable, amusing, comic, comical, absurd, facetious, humor, humorous, sense of humor
(10) What words refer to the sound of a person makes when he is laughing?
ho ho ho, ha ha ha
(11) What words refer to trying not to laugh?
(try to/can't) keep a straight face, stifle a laugh
(12) What words refer to smiling?
smile, smile at, grin, wide grin, big smile, half smile, slight smile, smirk, crack a smile, beam
(13) What other ways do people show they feel good?
clap, applaud, applause, cheer, jump up and down, jump for joy, dance for joy, shout for joy, make merry, revel, weep for joy, ululate
(14) What do people say when they are happy?
Hurrah! Hooray! Yeah! Three cheers! Hallelujah! Yippee! Yahoo!
Cry, tear
Use this domain for words related to crying--when water forms in the eyes because of sadness or pain.
(1) What words refer to crying?
cry, weep, be in tears, tearful, have tears in your eyes, weeping, weepy, squall, 
(2) What words refer to crying a lot?
cry your eyes out, tears roll down your cheeks, eyes full of tears, eyes are brimming with tears, cry your heart out, cry yourself to sleep, 
(3) What words refer to crying in a noisy way?
sob, bawl, howl, wail, 
(4) What words refer to crying in an annoying way?
snivel, sniffle, whimper, blubber, blub, crybaby, 
(5) What words refer to starting to cry?
start to cry, start crying, burst into tears, break down, turn on the waterworks, get teary, 
(6) What words refer to almost crying?
be close to tears, have a lump in your throat, fight back tears, choke back the tears, 
(7) What words refer to crying because something gets in your eyes?
cry, your eyes water, 
(8) What words refer to making someone cry?
make someone cry, reduce someone to tears, bring tears to someone's eyes, tearful, tearjerker, 
(9) What words refer to a tear?
tear, teardrop, 
(10) What do tears do?
fall, run (down the face), streak, 
(11) What do people do to tears?
wipe away, dry
(12) What do people say to stop someone from crying?
don't cry, there there, 
Reading and writing
Use this domain for general words related to reading and writing.
(1) What general words refer to reading and writing?
reading and writing, literacy
(2) What words refer to whether or not a person can read and write?
literate, illiterate
Write
Use this domain for words related to writing.
(1) What words refer to writing?
write, write down, take dictation, spell
(2) What words refer to the letters and symbols we use to write?
orthography, alphabet, letter, punctuation, accent, tone mark, underline, underscore, 
(3) What words refer to the things used to write?
writing materials, paper, pen, ink, pencil
Written material
Use this domain for words referring to written material--something that has writing on it.
(1) What words refer to written material?
written material, literature, writing, book, composition, essay, article, card, document, inscription, envelope, page, passage
(2) What words refer to something used to store written material?
library, bookcase, file cabinet, archive
Read
Use this domain for words related to reading.
(1) What words refer to reading?
read, decipher
(2) What words refer to a person who reads?
reader, readership, circulation
(3) What words refer to reading aloud or silently?
aloud, out loud, silently, recite
(4) What words refer to reading quickly?
scan, skim, browse, read over, look through
(5) What words refer to reading carefully?
study, read up on, pore over
Publish
Use this domain for words related to publishing books.
(1) What words refer to making books?
publish, engrave, in print, out of print, copyright, censor, censorship, desktop publishing
(2) What words refer to something that has been published?
publication, edition, issue
(3) What words refer to a person who publishes?
publisher
(4) What words refer to getting a book ready to publish?
edit, draft, proofread, proofreader
(5) What words refer to printing a book?
print
(6) What words refer to the time when a book is published?
publication date, appear, come out
Record
Use this domain for words related to a record--something written because people need to remember it.
(1) What words refer to making a record?
record, keep a record, put on record, chart, document, register
(2) What words refer to a record?
record (n), chart (n), document (n), register (n), archives, chronicle
List
Use this domain for words related to a list of things.
(1) What words refer to a list of things?
list, checklist, inventory, catalog
(2) What words refer to a list of people?
register, roll, roster
(3) What words refer to a list of things in a book?
table of contents, index
(4) What words refer to a list of events?
program, schedule, agenda
(5) What words refer to making a list?
list (v), make a list, compile a list, catalog (v)
(6) What words refer to giving a list?
list, reel off
Letter
Use this domain for words referring to letter--a written message that is sent to someone.
(1) What words refer to a letter?
letter, note, memo, correspondence, epistle, 
(2) What words refer to letters that are delivered to you?
mail (n), post, 
(3) What words refer to sending a letter?
send, mail (v), post, 
(4) What words refer to someone who delivers a letter?
postman, 
(5) What words refer to the government agency that delivers letters?
post office, postal service, 
Interpreting messages
Use this domain for words referring to interpreting something someone says--to try to understand the meaning of something someone says and express it in other words.
(1) What words refer to interpreting something?
interpret, understand, translate
Meaning
Use this domain for words related to the meaning of something that is said.
(1) What words refer to the meaning of something?
meaning, definition, semantics, sense, interpretation
(2) How do you say that something means something?
mean (something), have the meaning, 
(3) What words describe something that has two meanings?
ambiguous, double meaning, doubletalk, 
Meaningless
Use this domain for words describing something that is meaningless--something someone says that doesn't mean anything.
(1) What words describe something that has no meaning?
meaningless, absurd, lack meaning, ridiculous, senseless, nonsensical, without rhyme or reason, unintelligible, inane
(2) What words refer to saying something that has no meaning?
jabber, babble
(3) What words refer to something that has no meaning?
nonsense, gibberish, babble, drivel, hocus-pocus, mumbo-jumbo, gobbledygook
Unintelligible
Use this domain for words related to being unintelligible--to say something that someone cannot understand.
(1) What words describe speech that someone cannot understand?
unintelligible, foreign
(2) What words describe speech that a person cannot hear well enough to understand?
unintelligible, indistinct, garbled
Show, indicate
Use this domain for words referring to showing or indicating something--if something (such as an object, something said, or something that happens) shows something, it makes people think of something or understand something (e.g. When his face turns red, it indicates he is angry.)
(1) What words refer to something showing that something is true?
show, be a sign, mean, indicate, reveal, make it clear, demonstrate, betray, be evidence, reflect, illustrate, bear witness to, tell
(2) What words refer to something showing that something might be true?
suggest, point to, imply, give the impression
(3) What words refer to something showing that something has a good quality?
be a tribute to, say a lot for, reflect well on, be a testimony to
(4) What words refer to something showing that something has a bad quality?
be a reflection on, be a comment on, be a symptom of, be symptomatic of, be an indictment of, not say much for, reflect badly on, make a mockery of, sign of the times
(5) What words refer to something showing that something is going to happen?
mean, herald, bode well, bode ill, spell
(6) What words refer to a sign that shows that something is true?
sign, indication, indicator, evidence, mark, trace, manifestation, symptom, omen, telltale, be a giveaway, 
Mass communication
Use this domain for words related to radio, television, newspapers, magazines and other forms of mass communication.
(1) What words refer to different kinds of mass communication?
radio, television, newspaper, magazine
(2) What words refer to programs and messages?
program, article
(3) What words refer to making programs?
broadcast
Radio, television
Use this domain for words related to radio and television.
radio, television
(2) What words refer to programs?
program, ad
(4) What words refer to a person who talks on the radio or television?
reporter, anchorman, disk jockey
(5) What words refer to radio and television stations?
station, band, frequency, reception, 
Telephone
Use this domain for words related to the telephone.
(1) What words refer to telephones?
telephone, phone, cell phone
(2) What words refer to talking to someone on the telephone?
speak/talk on the phone, be on the phone
(3) What words refer to beginning a telephone call?
call (up), ring, phone (v), dial
(4) What words refer to ending a telephone call?
hang up
(5) What words refer to a person who works for the telephone company?
operator
(6) What words refer to problems with making a telephone call?
busy signal, go dead, wrong number
Newspaper
Use this domain for words related to newspapers and magazines.
(1) What words refer to newspapers and magazines?
newspaper, paper, magazine, press, periodical
(2) What words refer to things written in a newspaper?
article, editorial, column
(3) What words refer to a person who works for a newspaper?
reporter, editor, newsboy
(4) What words refer to an issue of a newspaper?
issue, edition
Movie
Use this domain for words related to movies and the cinema.
(1) What words refer to movies?
movie, show, film
(2) What words refer to a place where movies are shown?
theater, cinema, movie house, movie theater, drive-in, box office, ticket office, auditorium, aisle, screen, projector
(3) What words refer to showing a movie?
show, screen, intermission
(4) What words refer to watching a movie?
go to the movies, watch a movie, go to the cinema, go to the pictures, audience, moviegoer, ticket
(5) What words refer to making movies?
film, direct
(6) What words refer to a person who makes movies?
director, producer, camera crew
(7) What things are used to make movies?
camera, set, prop, studio
Recorded music
Use this domain for words related to recording music.
(1) What words refer to recording music?
record, make a recording, cut a record, tape
(2) What words refer to music recordings?
music, record, tape, cassette, CD, compact disc
(3) What words refer to playing music?
play, listen, play back, put on
(4) What words refer to machines that play music?
turntable, tape recorder, tape deck, tape player, CD player, juke box, music system, hi-fi, stereo, amplifier, speaker, boom box, walkman
(5) What words refer to changing how loud the music is?
turn up, turn down, adjust the volume
(6) What words refer to a person or company who makes recordings?
studio, record company
Communication devices
Use this domain for words related to communication devices.
(1) What devices and machines are used to communicate?
telephone, radio, television, amplifier, megaphone, telegraph, telegram
Teach
Use this domain for words related to teaching.
(1) What words refer to teaching?
teach, educate, instruct, lecture, edify, tutor, coach, inform, indoctrinate, infuse, instill, 
(2) What words refer to a person who teaches?
teacher, tutor, lecturer, professor, coach, trainer, faculty, educator, 
(3) What words refer to a person who is taught?
pupil, student, 
(4) What words refer to what is taught?
teaching, subject, education
Show, explain
Use this domain for words related to showing someone how something works, or explaining something to someone.
(1) What words refer to showing how something works or how something is done?
show, demonstrate
(2) What words refer to explaining something?
explain, explanation, elaborate, elucidate, 
(3) What words refer to something that is said about something?
comment, remark, observation, 
School
Use this domain for words related to school.
(1) What words refer to a school?
school, 
(2) What words refer to a school for different ages?
nursery school, kindergarten, grammar school, elementary school, secondary school, high school, university, college, 
(3) What words refer to a special kind of school?
public school, state school, private school, boarding school, co-educational, comprehensive school, religious school, seminary, academy
(4) What words refer to a place in a school?
classroom, lecture hall, playground, sports field, gymnasium, auditorium, staffroom
(5) What words refer to a group of students in a school?
class, grade, form, year, set, student body, 
(6) What equipment is used in a school?
textbook, desk, chair, blackboard, chalk, eraser, rubber, uniform, school-bag, exercise book, 
(7) What words refer to attending school?
attend, go to school, enter school
(8) What words refer to leaving school?
leave, graduate, drop out, dropout
(9) What words refer to making someone leave school because of bad behavior?
expel, kick out, suspend, 
Subject of teaching
Use this domain for words related to a subject that is taught or a subject that you study at school.
(1) What words refer to a subject that is taught?
subject, major, discipline, field, 
(2) What words refer to all the subjects that you study at school?
course, syllabus, curriculum, 
Class, lesson
Use this domain for words related to a class--the period of time when a subject is taught.
(1) What words refer to a class?
class, lesson, period, session, lecture, seminar, tutorial, course, 
Correct
Use this domain for words related to correcting a mistake.
(1) What words refer to correcting a mistake?
correct, edit, mark, reprove, punish, discipline
Science
Use this domain for words related to science.
(1) What general words refer to science?
science
(2) What words refer to a branch of science?
mathematics, physics, 
(3) What words refer to the study of the physical universe?
physics, chemistry, natural science, physical science, 
(4) What words refer to the study of the sky?
astronomy, astrology, 
(5) What words refer to the study of the ground?
geology, 
(6) What words refer to the study of water?
hydrology, oceanography, 
(7) What words refer to the study of living things?
biology, ecology
(8) What words refer to a person who studies science?
scientist
Test
Use this domain for words related to a test.
(1) What words refer to a test?
test, exam, examination, quiz
(2) What words refer to passing a test?
pass, fail
(3) What words refer to the grade you get on a test?
grade, score, mark, results
(4) What words refer to a teacher grading a test?
grade, mark
Answer in a test
Use this domain for words related to the answer to a question in a test.
(1) What words refer to the answer to a question in a test?
answer, result, solution
(2) What words refer to giving an answer on a test?
answer
(3) What words refer to finding an answer?
solve, work out
Social behavior
Use this domain for very general words having to do with how people behave in relationship to other people.
(1) What general words refer to how people act in relationship to each other?
behave, behavior, conduct, relate, relationship, socialize, society
Relationships
Use this domain for words related to relationships between people and groups of people.
(1) What words refer to beginning a relationship?
get acquainted, get to know, start a relationship, develop a relationship, form an association, form a partnership
(2) What words refer to the process of relating to other people?
relate to, associate with, affiliate with, participate with, partner with, fellowship with, interact with, be acquainted with, work with, collaborate, have a relationship, going together, going out, going steady
(3) What words refer to the relationship itself?
affiliation, alliance, bonding, relationship, relation, association, comradeship, participation, partnership, interaction, fellowship, interpersonal relationship, 
(4) What words refer to a person in a relationship?
associate (n), comrade, participant, partner, friend, coworker, colleague, acquaintance, ally, collaborator, fellow (student), age mate, affiliate
(5) What words refer to a group of people who have a relationship?
pair, partnership, association, fellowship, 
(6) What words describe a group of people who have a relationship?
allied, bonded, related, friendly, affiliated, associated, 
Friend
Use this domain for words related to friendship.
(1) What words are used to describe the formation of a friendship?
build a friendship, become friends, befriend, be friendly
(2) What words are used to refer to the state of being friends?
be friends with, going together, going out, going steady
(3) What words are used to refer to the friendship itself?
friendship
(4) What words are used to refer to a person who is a friend?
friend, pal, buddy, amigo, soul mate, mate, girlfriend, boyfriend, companion
(5) What are the outward signs of friendship?
hold hands, be together, do things together, share, give gifts, show affection
(6) What words describe a friendship?
intimate, intimacy, close, deep, long-standing, old friend, improper
(7) What words describe a friendship that has gone bad?
broken relationship, break up, strained relationship, misunderstanding, co-dependency
Girlfriend, boyfriend
Use this domain for words referring to a girlfriend or boyfriend.
(1) What words refer to a girlfriend or boyfriend?
girlfriend, boyfriend, partner, lover, mistress, old flame
Types of people
Use this domain for words referring to different types of people.
(1) What words refer to male and female people?
man, woman, boy, girl
(2) What words refer to people of different ages?
baby, child, youth, adult, elder
(3) What words refer to people of different races?
yellow, brown, Asian, black, African, white, Caucasian, red, American Indian, Indian
(4) What words refer to a person whose parents are from two different races?
half-breed, 
(5) What words refer to a person whose parents are from the same race?
full-blooded, 
(6) What words refer to a person who belongs to your group?
one of us, one of our own, one of ours, insider, friend
(7) What words refer to a person who does not belong to your group?
foreigner, stranger, enemy, foe
Working relationship
Use this domain for words related to a relationship between people who work together.
(1) What words refer to a relationship between people who work together?
working relationship, affiliation, association, partnership
(2) What words refer to beginning a working relationship?
form an association, form a partnership
(3) What words refer to the process of relating to other people at work?
affiliate with, partner with, work with, work together, collaborate
(4) What words refer to a person you work with?
associate (n), partner, coworker, colleague, collaborator, fellow worker, affiliate
(5) What words refer to a group of people who work together?
partnership, association, office, working group
Know someone
Use this domain for words referring to knowing someone.
(1) What words refer to knowing someone?
know someone
(2) What words refer to knowing someone, but not knowing him well?
know someone by sight, be acquainted with, be acquaintances, don't know well, we've met, 
(3) What words refer to starting to know someone after you have met them?
get to know, get acquainted, 
(4) What words refer to someone you know, who is not a friend?
acquaintance, casual acquaintance
(5) What words refer to knowing about someone, whom you have not met?
know someone's name, know of someone, have heard the name, have heard of someone, have heard about someone
Meet for the first time
Use this domain for words related to meeting someone for the first time.
(1) What words refer to meeting someone for the first time?
meet (for the first time), introduce someone, introduce oneself, introduce each other, be introduced
Neighbor
Use this domain for words referring to a neighbor--someone who lives nearby.
(1) What words refer to someone who lives nearby?
neighbor, neighbor, next door neighbor
(2) What words describe a good neighbor?
good neighbor, neighborly
(3) What words indicate that someone lives nearby?
be neighbors, live next to each other, live near each other, live in the same neighborhood, live on the same street, live nearby
(4) What words refer to the area around your house?
neighborhood, community, our street, our area, subdivision, housing development, compound, apartment complex, district, vicinity, environs
Social class
Use this domain for words related to social class.
(1) What words refer to social class?
class, caste, background, status, social standing, strata
(2) What words refer to a person belonging to a higher class?
upper class, aristocracy, privileged, elite, titled, posh, your betters, rich, 
(3) What words refer to a person belonging to the middle class?
middle-class, bourgeois, the bourgeoisie, white-collar
(4) What words refer to a person belonging to a lower class?
working class, lower class, the masses, blue-collar, humble, popular, underclass, your inferiors, poor, 
(5) What words refer to a person belonging to the same class as you?
peer
(6) What words refer to moving into a higher social class?
move up in the world, upwardly mobile, social climber
(7) What words describe a society that is not divided into classes?
classless
Unity
Use this domain for words related to unity--when a group of people agree with each other and are not fighting.
(1) What words refer to the unity of a social group?
unity, oneness, integration, unification
(2) What words refer to unifying a social group or more than one social group?
unite, unify, join, merge, blend, fuse, consolidate
(3) What words describe a group that is united?
united, unified, cohesive, joined, combined, connected, undivided, one in spirit, one in purpose, single-minded
(4) What words describe a person, force, or influence that unifies a group?
unifying, uniting
Disunity
Use this domain for words related to disunity--when a group of people do not agree with each other and are fighting.
(1) What words refer to the disunity of a social group?
disunity, division, discord, dissidence, dissonance, friction, incompatibility, variance, dissension, dissent
(2) What words refer to dividing a social group or more than one social group?
divide, sow dissention, set at odds, pit against, part company with, have a falling out, differ, clash, disagree
(3) What words describe a group that is disunited?
disunited, divided, divided in spirit, going in different directions, discordant, out of tune, on bad terms, dissenting, factious, at odds, at cross purposes, up in arms, embroiled, torn
(4) What words describe a person, force, or influence that divides a group?
divisive, disruptive
Unfriendly
Use this domain for words related to being antisocial--when someone does not want to talk to other people or be friends with them.
(1) What words describe someone who is unfriendly?
unfriendly, cold, inhospitable, hostile, antagonistic, give someone the cold shoulder, 
(2) What words describe someone who does not like to be friendly and wants to be alone?
antisocial, standoffish, distant, aloof, dour, reserved
(3) What words describe a relationship that is unfriendly?
unfriendly, cool, strained, frosty, turn sour
(4) What words describe a place or situation where people are unfriendly?
unfriendly, unwelcoming, inhospitable, impersonal, forbidding
Set self apart
Use this domain for words related to setting yourself apart from other people and not relating to them.
(1) What words refer to setting oneself apart from others and not relating to them?
isolate, set self apart, remove, disengage, estrange, reserve, withdraw, quit, resign
Alone
Use this domain for words related to being alone.
(1) What words describe a person who is alone?
alone, on your own, by yourself, unaccompanied, marooned, isolated
(2) What words refer to doing something alone?
all by yourself, single-handed, solo, in isolation, self-made
(3) What words describe someone who spends a lot of time alone?
solitary, loner, recluse, keep to yourself
(4) What words refer to the state of being alone?
solitude, isolation, solitary confinement, privacy
(5) What words describe someone who is alone and unhappy?
lonely, lonesome
(6) What words refer to feeling lonely because someone you love is not there?
miss, want to see someone, feel lonesome, long for someone
Independent person
Use this domain for words describing an independent person--someone who does things without other people's help.
(1) What words describe a person who does things without other people's help?
independent, self-reliant, self-sufficient, individualist
Private, public
Use this domain for words describing something that is private--something that only concerns you, and for words describing something that is public--something that concerns many people.
(1) What words describe something that only concerns you?
private, secret, personal, innermost
Begin a relationship
Use this domain for words related to beginning a relationship.
begin a relationship, join, affiliate, associate, enlist, enroll, enter, establish, fall in with, sign up, worm your way in, hit it off, 
End a relationship
Use this domain for words related to ending a relationship.
(1) What words refer to ending a relationship?
leave, walk out, desert, break up
(2) What words describe a friendship that has become bad?
Show affection
Use this domain for words related to showing affection.
(1) What words refer to showing affection to someone?
show affection, kiss, embrace, hug, hold hands, public display of affection
Kinship
Use this domain for general words for family relationships, not for specific terms.
(1) What words are used to indicate that two people are related?
be related (to someone), 
(2) What words refer to the relationship among members of a family?
kinship, relationship, close relation, 
(3) What words refer to a member of your family or larger kin group?
relative, in-law, kinsman, relation, distant relation, distantly related, extended family, folk, house, household, kin, kindred, kinfolk, kinsman, kinswoman, 
(4) What words refer to groups of people who are related by kinship?
family, clan, tribe, nation
(5) What words refer to a single generation?
generation
(6) What words refer to talking to someone in order to discover how you are related to them?
(none in English)
Related by birth
Use this domain for words referring to being related by birth--when one of your ancestors and one of someone else's ancestors are the same person.
(1) What words refer to being related by birth?
related by blood, be descended from, descent, direct line, lineal descent, consanguine, 
(2) What words refer to someone who is related to you by birth?
blood relation, 
(3) What words refer to a listing of your ancestors?
genealogy, lineage, pedigree, family tree, 
(4) What words refer to inheriting physical traits from your ancestors?
genetics, inherit, heredity, run in the family, pass on, take after, bad blood, genes, breeding
Grandfather, grandmother
Use this domain for words referring to grandparents and ancestors.
(1) What words refer to the parents of your parents?
grandparent, grandfather, grandmother
(2) What words refer to your ancestors?
ancestor, forefather, forbearer, patriarch, matriarch, progenitor, background, origins
(3) What words describe something having to do with your ancestors?
ancestral, ancestry, 
Father, mother
Use this domain for words related to parents.
(1) What words refer to your parents?
parent, folks, 
(2) What words refer to your father?
father, dad, old man, pa, papa, sire, 
(3) What words do you use when talking to your father?
Dad, Father, Daddy, Pop, 
(4) What words refer to your mother?
mother, mom, mum, ma, mama
(5) What words do you use when talking to your mother?
Mom, Mum, Mother, Mommy, Mummy, 
(6) What words refer to the state of being a parent?
fatherhood, motherhood, parenthood, 
(7) What words describe something having to do with your parents?
parental, paternal, maternal, fatherly, motherly, parentage
(8) If your father has more than one wife, what do you call his other wives?
father's wife, second wife
(9) If your father dies and your mother remarries, what do you call your mother's second husband?
stepfather
(10) If your mother dies and your father remarries, what do you call your father's second wife?
stepmother
Brother, sister
Use this domain for words related to siblings.
(1) What words refer to the children of your father and mother?
sibling, brother, sister
(2) What words indicate the order in which your brothers and sisters were born?
elder brother, elder sister, younger brother, younger sister
(3) What words refer to the children of your father by another mother, or of your mother by another father?
half-brother, half-sister
(4) When your father or mother marries a person who already has children by a previous marriage, what words refer to those children?
stepbrother, stepsister
Son, daughter
Use this domain for words referring to your children.
(1) What words refer to your children?
child, son, daughter, heir, scion, kid, 
(2) What words refer to all your children?
children, family, issue, brood, 
(3) If you marry someone who already has children, what do you call his/her children?
stepson, stepdaughter, stepchild, 
Grandson, granddaughter
Use this domain for words referring to your grandchildren.
(1) What words refer to the children of your children?
grandchild, grandson, granddaughter
(2) What words refer to your descendants?
descendant, offshoot, offspring, posterity, progeny, line, 
Uncle, aunt
Use this domain for words related to your uncles and aunts.
(1) What words refer to your father's brother?
uncle
(2) What words refer to your father's sister?
aunt
(3) What words refer to your mother's brother?
(4) What words refer to your mother's sister?
(5) What words refer to a brother or sister of one of your grandparents?
granduncle, grandaunt, great-uncle, great-aunt
Cousin
Use this domain for words referring to your cousins.
(1) What words refer to your father's brother's child?
cousin
(2) What words refer to your father's sister's child?
(3) What words refer to your mother's brother's child?
(4) What words refer to your mother's sister's child?
Nephew, niece
Use this domain for words referring to your nephews and nieces.
(1) What words refer to your brother's child?
nephew, niece
(2) What words refer to your sister's child?
Birth order
Use this domain for words related to birth order.
(1) What words refer to the order in which a child was born?
oldest, youngest, firstborn, second born, last born, middle child
(2) What words refer to the only child of its parents?
only child
Related by marriage
Use this domain for words referring to being related by marriage.
(1) What words refer to being related by marriage?
related by marriage
(2) What words are used of having more than one wife?
polygamy, multiple wives
(3) What words refer to people of different tribes marrying each other?
intermarry, 
Husband, wife
Use this domain for words related to your spouse.
(1) What words are used to refer to the person you are married to?
spouse, husband, wife, second wife
In-law
be related by marriage
(2) What words refer to people who are related to you by marriage?
in-law, father-in-law, mother-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law
(3) What words describe the relationship between a husband's parents and his wife's parents?
(4) What words describe the relationship between a husband's siblings and his wife's siblings?
Widow, widower
Use this domain for words referring to widows and widowers. Some languages also have words for a parent who has lost a child, someone who has lost a brother or sister, or a general word for someone who has lost a relative.
(1) What words are used to refer to someone whose husband or wife has died?
widow, widower, dowager, 
(2) What words refer to the death of a spouse?
be widowed, widowhood, lose your husband/wife
(3) What words are used when a person marries again?
remarry, second marriage
(4) When a person remarries, what words are used of their first spouse?
first wife, first husband
(5) What words refer to someone who has a relative who has died?
bereaved, 
Orphan
Use this domain for words referring to orphans.
(1) What words refer to a child whose parents have died?
orphan, fatherless, motherless
(2) What words refer to being an orphan?
be orphaned, be an orphan
(3) What words refer to a place where orphans are taken care of?
orphanage, 
Illegitimate child
Use this domain for words referring to an illegitimate child.
(1) What words refer to a child who is born to an unmarried woman?
illegitimate child, bastard
(2) What words refer to a woman having a child when she is not married?
have a child out of wedlock
(3) What words refer to being a child without a father?
be illegitimate, fatherless
(4) What words refer to a married woman having a child by another man?
Adopt
Use this domain for words related to adopting a child.
(1) What words refer to adopting a child?
adopt, adoption, 
(2) What words refer to an adopted child?
adopted child, foster child, 
(3) What words refer to the parent of an adopted child?
adoptive father, adoptive mother, foster parent
Non-relative
Use this domain for words that refer to people who are not related by blood or marriage.
(1) What words are used to refer to people who are not related to you by blood or marriage?
non-relative, unrelated, not related
Family, clan
Use this domain for words that refer to social groups composed of related people.
(1) What words refer to your father, mother, and siblings?
family, nuclear family, 
(2) What words refer to the people who live in your house?
household
(3) What words refer to groups of people who are related to you?
tribe, tribal, clan, race
(4) What words describe something about your family?
family, domestic, run in the family, 
Race
Use this domain for words referring to different races of people--the large groups of people in the world that are different in color and appearance.
(1) What words refer to a person's race?
race, color, ethnic group, racial, racially, ethnic, ethnicity, 
(2) What words refer to a person's race on the basis of their color?
yellow, brown, black, white, red, 
(3) What words refer to a person's race on the basis of where their ancestors were from?
Aborigine, African, Arab, Asian, American Indian, Caucasian, Hispanic, Indian, Latin American, Native American, 
(4) What words refer to mixing the races?
integration, segregation, multiracial, interracial, cosmopolitan, multicultural, mixed, 
Social activity
Use this domain for general words referring to social activities.
(1) What general words refer to social activities?
socialize
Come together, form a group
Use this domain for words referring to coming together to form a group.
(1) What words refer to people coming together to form a group?
come together, assemble, band together, collect, cluster, come together, congregate, convene, crowd, flock, gather, join forces, muster, rendezvous, stream, throng, unite, join, 
(2) What words refer to the act of forming a group?
unification, union, 
(3) What words describe a group that has been formed?
unified, 
Invite
Use this domain for words referring to inviting people to meet together--to say something to someone because you want to meet with them.
(1) What words are used of causing people to meet together?
invite, extend an invitation, invite over, ask someone to something, assemble, bring together, call up, call together, call a meeting, collect, convene, gather, mobilize, muster, rally, request someone's presence, round up, summon, bid someone come
(2) What words refer to what is said or written when inviting someone?
invitation, 
(3) What words refer to someone who has been invited?
invited guest, 
Encounter
Use this domain for words referring to encountering someone.
(1) What words refer to meeting someone when you did not intend to?
encounter, meet, run into, run across, cross paths, happen to see, 
Meet together
Use this domain for words related to meeting together.
(1) What words refer to meeting someone?
meet, meet together, get together, rendezvous, 
(2) What words refer to meeting in a group?
have a meeting, attend, attendance, congregate, convene, 
Visit
Use this domain for words related to visiting someone.
(1) What words refer to going to someone's place to see them?
visit, pay a visit, call, call on, drop by, drop in on, go round, make the rounds, look in on, see, spend time with, stop by, 
(2) What words refer to the event of visiting someone?
visit, appointment, interview, stay, time with, visitation, 
(3) What words refer to agreeing to visit?
make an appointment, arrange a visit
(4) What words refer to visiting over a night?
stay overnight, stay with, have a sleepover
(5) What words refer to a visitor?
visitor, guest, houseguest, overnight visitor, caller, 
(6) What words refer to the person visited?
host, hostess
(7) What words refer to a visitor who stays for a long time but doesn't pay or help with the work?
freeload, freeloader, sponge, sponger, 
Welcome, receive
Use this domain for words related to welcoming a visitor.
(1) What words refer to welcoming a person who has just arrived?
welcome, receive, greet, take in, grant asylum, open your door to, admit, 
(2) What greetings are used to welcome a guest?
Hello. Welcome. Come in.
Show hospitality
Use this domain for words related to showing hospitality to a visitor.
(1) What words refer to showing hospitality to a visitor?
show hospitality, entertain, etiquette
(2) What words describe a good host?
gracious hostess, hospitable
(3) What words describe a bad host?
inhospitable
Meeting, assembly
Use this domain for words referring to a meeting.
(1) What words refer to a meeting?
meeting, assembly, gathering, convocation, assemblage, congregation, council, caucus, conclave, congress, convention, symposium, panel, posse
(2) What words refer to the place where people meet?
meeting place, venue, rendezvous, center, haunt, 
Participate
Use this domain for words related to participating in a group--to do things with a group.
(1) What words describe a person's participation in a group?
full, complete, enthusiastic, whole-hearted, with reservations, half-hearted, hesitant, reserved, doesn't have his heart in it, involved
(2) What words describe a person's stance toward a group?
for, against, opposed, hold back, be on the fringes
(3) What words describe a person's role in a group?
ringleader, follower, hanger-on, adherent
(4) What words describe a person's relationship with a group?
join with, hesitate to join, stand apart, stand aloof
(5) What words refer to a person who is not involved in a group or activity?
bystander, onlooker, spectator, wall flower, 
Crowd, group
Use this domain for words referring to a crowd or group of people.
(1) What words refer to a crowd?
crowd, group, congregation, bunch of people, horde, mass of  people, gang, mob, multitude, host, crush of people, throng, clique, rabble, horde, army, scores, thousands, swarm, body of people, crew, knot, pack, batch, band, party, company, team
(2) What words describe a crowd?
huge, large, crowded
Organization
Use this domain for words referring to an organization.
(1) What words refer to an organization?
organization, club, society, institution, company
(2) What words refer to a part of an organization?
department, committee
(3) What words refer to starting an organization?
form, organize
Join an organization
Use this domain for words related to joining an organization.
(1) What words refer to joining a group?
join a group, affiliate, associate, enlist, enroll, enter, sign up
Leave an organization
Use this domain for words related to leaving an organization.
(1) What words refer to leaving a group?
leave, excuse oneself
(2) What words refer to everyone leaving?
disperse, break up, scatter
(3) What words refer to resigning from a group?
resign from a group, quit
Belong to an organization
Use this domain for words related to belonging to an organization.
(1) What words refer to belonging to a group?
belong to a group, be a member, belong in something, be on something, 
(2) What words refer to someone who belongs to a group?
member, membership, insider, one of us
(3) What words refer to one organization belonging to another organization?
be affiliated with, affiliation, 
Social group
(1) What words refer to a social group?
hippies, yuppies, beatniks, greens
(2) What social groups exist in your culture?
hippies, yuppies, beatniks, greens, teenagers
Social event
Use this domain for words referring to a social event.
(1) What general words refer to a social event?
event, show, special day, gathering, meal, observance
Ceremony
Use this domain for words referring to a ceremony.
(1) What general words refer to a ceremony?
ceremony
(2) What types of ceremonies are there?
anniversary, banquet, baptism, birthday party, carousal, celebration, christening, closing ceremony, commemoration, confirmation, consecration, convention, dance, dedication, feast, festivity, fete, funeral, funfest, gala, game night, graduation, homecoming, inauguration, induction, initiation, launching, memorial, naming ceremony, opening, grand opening, parade, party, reception, recognition, reenactment, retirement, toast, trade fair, wake, wedding, 
(3) What words describe a ceremony?
solemn
(4) What words refer to specific holidays?
Christmas, New Years, Thanksgiving, Easter, Good Friday, Independence Day, Memorial Day, Labor Day, Washington's Birthday, Valentine's Day, Mothers Day, 
Festival, show
Use this domain for words referring to a festival or show--a large social event during which some people entertain other people.
(1) What general words refer to a festival?
festival, show, spectacle, 
(2) What types of festivals are there?
carnival, fair, circus, parade, county fair, state fair, 
(3) What words refer to part of a festival or show?
routine, act, ride, float, booth, 
Celebrate
Use this domain for words related to celebrating.
(1) What words refer to celebrating?
celebrate, commemorate, honor, do something in someone's honor, mark, in celebration of
(2) What words refer to a celebration?
celebration, party, feast, festival, pageant, parade
Music
Use this domain for words related to music.
(1) What general words refer to music?
music, musical
(2) What styles of music are there?
style, pop, rock, country western, jazz, folk music, classical, longhair, modern, popular, chamber music, march, symphony, opera, ballet, musical, dance number, canned music
(3) What words refer to a piece of music?
piece of music, music piece, song, number, selection, encore
(4) What words refer to part of a piece of music?
movement, introduction, bar, finale
(5) What words refer to a piece of music meant to be played or sung by one person?
solo
(6) What words refer to a piece of music meant to be played or sung by two, three, or more people?
duet, trio, quartet, quintet
(7) What words describe the sounds of music?
scale, tune, melody, melodic, harmony, chord, pitch, soft, pianissimo, loud, forte, crescendo, rhythm, rhythmic, beat, time
Compose music
Use this domain for words related to composing music.
(1) What words refer to composing music?
compose, write, arrange
(2) What words refer to a person who composes music?
composer, writer, arranger
(3) What words refer to a piece of music that a person has composed?
composition, arrangement, score
(4) What words refer to the symbols used to write music?
music, notation, key, staff, bar, note, quarter note, half note, whole note, sharp, flat, scale
Play music
Use this domain for words related to playing music.
(1) What words are used of playing music?
play music/a piece, perform, hold a concert, make music, read music, play by ear, improvise
(2) What is a musical event called?
concert, performance, rendition, recital, revue, 
(3) What equipment is used in playing music?
musical instrument, music stand, riser, baton
(4) Where is music played?
concert hall, opera house, music hall, auditorium, band stand, choir loft, orchestra pit
(5) What words refer to adjusting an instrument so that it plays correctly?
tune, in tune, out of tune, sharp, flat, warm up
(6) What words refer to a machine used to record and play back music?
phonograph, record player, tape deck, boom box
(7) What words describe someone who likes to listen to music?
music lover, critic
(8) What words describe how a person plays music?
performance, execution, touch, expression, fingering, keep time
Sing
Use this domain for words related to singing.
(1) What words refer to singing?
sing, serenade, yodel, chant, croon, burst into song, wail, warble
(2) What words refer to singing without using words?
hum, whistle
(3) What words refer to a person who sings?
singer, vocalist, soloist, minstrel
(4) What words refer to a group of people singing together?
choir, chorale, singing group, duet, trio, ensemble
(5) What words refer to something that is sung?
song, singing, tune, melody
(6) What types of songs are there?
lullaby, hymn, psalm, carol, national anthem, lament, ballad, funeral dirge
(7) What words refer to a part of a song?
verse, chorus, theme, note, melody, harmony
(8) What words describe how well a person sings?
beautiful singing voice, can't carry a tune in a bucket, sing on/off key
(9) What words describe how high or low a person sings?
soprano, alto, baritone, bass
(10) What words describe whether or not people are singing the same thing together?
sing in unison, sing in harmony, sing the melody/harmony, keep time
Musician
Use this domain for words related to a musician.
(1) What words refer to a person who performs music?
musician, singer, player, performer, band member, choir member
(2) What is a group of musicians called?
choir, ensemble, singing group, soloist, duo, trio, quartet, band, dance band, concert band, marching band, brass band, orchestra, full orchestra, string quartet, chamber orchestra
(3) What words refer to a person who leads a group of musicians?
director, concertmaster, bandleader
(4) What words describe a good or bad musician?
have an ear for music, have a good ear, maestro, tone deaf
Musical instrument
Use this domain for words referring to musical instruments and people who play a particular instrument.
(1) What is the general term for musical instrument?
musical instrument, band instrument
(2) What are the types of instruments that have strings that you pluck?
stringed instrument, strings, piano, harp, guitar, banjo, violin, fiddle, viola, cello, bass fiddle
(3) What are the types of instruments that you hit?
percussion instruments, drum, snare drum, bass drum, tympani, cymbal, bell, xylophone, marimba, rattle, castanet, bangle, jingle
(4) What are the types of instruments that you blow into?
wind instruments, winds, reeds, organ, flute, clarinet, oboe, brass instruments, horn, trumpet, cornet, bugle, trombone, French horn, baritone horn, tuba, harmonica, bagpipes, pipe
(5) What words refer to playing a musical instrument?
play, pluck, fiddle, blast, beat
(6) What words refer to a person who plays a musical instrument?
instrumentalist, player, pianist, violinist, drummer, trumpeter, flutist
(7) What words describe the sound made by a musical instrument?
blast (of a trumpet), blare, crash (of a cymbal), timbre, 
(8) What words refer to the parts of musical instruments?
mouthpiece, bell, key, keyboard, drumstick, reed, bow, string, fret, pick, organ pipe
Dance
Use this domain for words related to dancing.
(1) What words refer to dancing?
dance, 
(2) What are the types of dances?
barn dance, folk dance, square dance, ballet, waltz, tap-dancing, 
(3) What are the parts of a dance?
dance step, swing, lead, follow
(4) What words refer to the people who dance?
dancer, dance partner, chorus line, dance team
(5) Where are dances held?
dance hall, dance floor
Drama
Use this domain for words related to drama.
(1) What words refer to a type of drama?
drama, play, skit, comedy, tragedy, musical, melodrama, parody, suspense, film, movie, cinema, show, 
(2) What words refer to acting in a drama?
act, enact, reenact, go on stage, 
(3) What words refer to performing as a particular character?
play a part, portray, role, part, 
(4) What words refer to the people who act?
actor, actress, star, performer, extra, director, stagehand
(5) What words refer to the most important actor or actress?
star, co-star, star in, play the lead, 
(6) What words refer to all the actors?
cast, 
(7) What words indicate that a drama has a particular actor in it?
star (v), feature, with, be in, appear in, 
(8) What words refer to a person who writes plays?
playwright, play writer, dramatist
(9) What are the parts of a drama?
performance, act, scene, intermission, curtain call
(10) What words refer to a place where a drama is performed?
theater, cinema, stage, set, on location
(11) What words refer to the things used in a drama?
prop, scenery, backdrop, curtain
(12) What words refer to acting with too much emotion?
overact, ham it up, 
Entertainment, recreation
Use this domain for words related to entertainment and recreation.
(1) What general words refer to things people do for fun?
recreational activity, amusement, competition, recreation, leisure, play, hobby, distraction, diversion, entertainment, frolic, fun, merriment, pastime, revelry, romp, shindig
Game
Use this domain for words referring to games. Some languages do not make a distinction between "Games" and "Sports."
(1) What words refer to a game?
game
(2) What types of games are there?
card game, gambling game, board game
(3) What are the names of specific board games?
bingo, blackjack, bridge, cards, checkers, chess, charades, craps, dice, dominoes, gin, hearts, jacks, lotto, mahjongg, marbles, Monopoly, Parcheesi, poker, roulette, solitaire, 
(4) What are the names of specific children's games?
catch, hide-and-seek, hopscotch, leapfrog, mumblety-peg, tag, 
(5) What are the parts of games?
piece, game piece, playing piece, die, dice, card, pack of cards, board
(6) What words refer to playing a game?
play, 
(7) What words refer to the people who play games?
player, contestant, team members, captain, star
(8) What words refer to play against someone?
play against, be against, versus, 
(9) What words refer to the people you play against?
opponent, opposition, rival, 
Card game
Use this domain for words related to a particular game. The example words are from the card games. If you do not play card games in your culture, you can rename this domain and use it for one of your games. Add other domains for each of your games.
(1) What is the game called?
card game, poker, 
(2) What is one game called?
hand
(3) What is a group of games called?
(4) What is a player called?
player, 
(5) What is each side called?
partners, 
(6) What events make up the game?
shuffle cards, deal cards, play, lead, follow suit, trump, call, take a trick, 
(7) What equipment is used to play the game?
card, deck, suit, heart, diamond, club, hand, trick, spade, kitty, 
Chess
Use this domain for words related to a particular game. The example words are from the game of chess. If you do not play chess in your culture, you can rename this domain and use it for one of your games. Add other domains for each of your games.
chess, chess game
chess match
chess tournament
chess player, grand master
white, black
opening move, opening, move, queen to king's knight 4, advance, castle, capture, take, lose a piece, check, checkmate, concede
chess board, square, white square, black square, chess piece, king, queen, rook, knight/horse, bishop, pawn
Sports
Use this domain for words related to sports.
(1) What words refer to sports?
sport, sports, organized sports, athletics, pro sports, amateur sports
(2) What words refer to specific sports?
football, soccer, basketball, tennis, track, track and field, ping pong, badminton, baseball, hockey, ice hockey, boxing, wrestling, running, cricket, golf,  gymnastics, race, 
(3) What words refer to a sports event?
sports event, sporting event, game, match, bout
(4) What words refer to a group of sports events?
series, Olympics, tournament, tourney, meet, double-header, triple-header, season
(5) What are the parts of a sports events?
starting bell/buzzer, first quarter, second quarter, first half, half time, final bell/buzzer
(6) What is a person called who participates in sports?
athlete, player, starting line up, substitute, bench, coach, captain, referee, trainer, professional, amateur
(7) What is a group of players called?
team, club
(8) What is a group of teams called?
league, conference, association
(9) What is the leader of a team called?
coach, to coach a team, call time out, captain, to captain a team
(10) What is the staff of a team called?
assistant coach, trainer, recruiter
(11) What words describe a player?
athletic, acrobatic, competitive, star, 
(12) What do athletes do?
play, compete, competition, struggle, engage in a sport/contest, participate, exercise, physical exercise, train, training, calisthenics, warm up, workout, break the rules, pull ahead
(13) What words refer to the goal of a sport?
goal, score, 
(14) What words are used of the outcome of a game?
win, lose, tie, defeat, become champion, win the prize, finish the race, finish well, winner, loser
(15) What are the winners and losers called?
winner, champion, loser, first place winner, second place, runner up, second runner up
(16) What awards are given to the winner?
prize, cup, trophy, wreath, flowers, medal, gold medal, silver medal, bronze medal, blue ribbon, prize money, champion's belt, applause, cheers, plaudits, kudos, fame
(17) What equipment is used in sports?
uniform, ball, clock, scoreboard
(18) What is the place called where sports are played?
playing field, track, court, arena, stadium, gym, gymnasium
(19) What are the parts of the playing field?
court, line, lane, out of bounds, goal, finish line
(20) What is the person called who enforces the rules?
referee, to referee, referee's whistle, umpire, to umpire, official, commissioner, timekeeper, to keep time, call time, stop play, to rule
(21) What is a person called who watches sports?
fan, crowd, cheerleaders, pep club
(22) What do fans do?
root, yell, cheer, shout encouragement, support their team, boo the referee
(23) What is a person called who comments on sports?
commentator, announcer, sportscaster, reporter
Football, soccer
Use this domain for words related to a particular sport. The example words are from the sport of football (also called soccer). If you do not play football in your culture, you can rename this domain and use it for one of your sports. Add other domains for each of your sports.
(1) What is the sport called?
football, soccer, 
(2) What words refer to a game?
match
(3) What are the parts of a game?
half, 
(4) What is a person called who participates in the game?
forward, fullback, goalie, guard, halfback, striker, sweeper, wing, 
(5) What is a group of players called?
team
(6) What is a group of teams called?
league, 
(7) What is the leader of a team called?
coach, to coach a team, captain, to captain a team
(8) What is the staff of a team called?
coach, referee, 
(9) What do the players do?
pass, score, 
(10) What equipment is used in the game?
net, ball, 
(11) What is the place called where the game is played?
field, 
(12) What are the parts of a playing area?
line, out of bounds, 
Basketball
Use this domain for words related to a particular sport. The example words are from the sport of basketball. If you do not play basketball in your culture, you can rename this domain and use it for one of your sports. Add other domains for each of your sports.
basketball, b-ball
basketball game, game
(3) What are the types of games?
half-court, full-court, pick up game
(4) What are the parts of a game?
tip off, first quarter, second quarter, first half, half time, buzzer
(5) What is a person called who participates in the game?
basketball player, star, center, forward, guard, substitute, bench
(6) What is a group of players called?
basketball team
(7) What is a group of teams called?
league, conference, association, National Basketball Association
(8) What is the leader of a team called?
(9) What is the staff of a team called?
assistant coach, trainer, recruiter, referee, timekeeper
(10) What do the players do?
play basketball, shoot, shoot a free throw, score a basket, three point play, assist, block a shot, dribble, pass the ball, catch, screen, set up a play, run a play, jump, rebound, hit the boards, tip in, stuff, double dribble, walk, step out of bounds, throw out of bounds, foul, technical foul, charge, steal the ball, fast break, guard, play defense, play offense, substitute, huddle up, throw the ball in
(11) What equipment is used in the game?
basketball, hoop, net, backboard, uniform, basketball shoes, referee's whistle, clock, scoreboard, bench
(12) What is the place called where the game is played?
basketball court, arena, gym, gymnasium
(13) What are the parts of a playing area?
court, line, out of bounds, key, free throw line, jump circle
Exercise
Use this domain for words related to exercise.
(1) What words refer to doing something in order to stay healthy and become stronger?
exercise, get exercise, train, work out, keep fit
(2) What words refer to activities people do for exercise?
gymnastics, aerobics, training, exercise (n)
Gambling
Use this domain for words related to gambling.
(1) What words refer to gambling?
gamble, gambling, gaming, bet, place a bet, wager
(2) What types of gambling games are there?
cards, dice, lottery, roulette
(3) What other kinds of events do people typically bet on?
cockfight, horse race
(4) What words refer to a person who gambles?
gambler, bookie
(5) What words refer to a person's chances of winning?
odds, 
Play, fun
Use this domain for words related to playing and fun.
(1) What words are used of play?
play, have fun, goof off, frolic, amuse oneself/others, amusement, play games, caper, gambol, disport
(2) What words refer to the things people play with?
toy, doll, plaything, bauble, puzzle, kite, ball, top, trifle, trinket, stilts, jump rope, 
(3) What words refer to people who play?
player, playmate
(4) What words describe a person who plays?
playful, frolicsome, mischievous, frisky, prankish, jolly, rollicking
(5) Where do people play?
playground
Humor
Use this domain for words related to humor.
(1) What words refer to humor in general?
humor, comedy, comic relief, fun, caprice, fooling, kidding, joshing, wittiness, salt, whim, drollery, jocularity, levity, mirth
(2) What words refer to a person's sense of humor (ability to joke)?
sense of humor, (have a real) funny bone, (be/have a great) wit
(3) What words refer to something said humorously?
joke, pun, play on words, word play, riddle, jest, gag, wisecrack, witticism, pleasantry, banter, badinage, retort, repartee, riposte, ridicule, quip, one-liner, flash of wit, comeback, gag, crack
(4) What words refer to something done humorously?
joke, play a joke on, prank, play a prank on, farce, clowning, fooling around, tomfoolery, buffoonery, horseplay, monkey business
(5) What words describe something that is humorous?
humorous, funny, hilarious, hysterical, silly, comical, ludicrous, amusing, comic, absurd, facetious, droll, laughable, zany, 
(6) What is a person called who jokes?
comedian, humorist, joker, jokester, wit, wag, comic, clown, jester, buffoon, punster, fool, practical joker, gagman, wisecracker
(7) What words are used of joking?
to joke, be witty, jest, crack a joke, make pun, to pun, make fun of, make sport of, retort, banter, kid, wisecrack, come back at, josh, clown
(8) What words describe a person's sense of humor?
witty, comic, jocular, droll, smart, dry wit, slapstick, fun, facetious, waggish, comical, salty
(9) What words describe a person who jokes?
witty, quick-witted, smart, jocular, droll, funny, waggish, facetious, whimsical, humorous, comic
(10) What words indicate the joking manner in which a person acts or speaks?
humorously, jokingly, jestingly, in jest, in sport, in play, in fun, not seriously
Serious
Use this domain for words related to being serious--not laughing or joking.
(1) What words refer to being serious?
serious, earnest, sober, solemn, somber, stodgy, 
Holiday
Use this domain for words related to a holiday.
(1) What words refer to a holiday?
holiday, vacation, trip, honeymoon
(2) What words refer to going on a holiday?
go on a holiday, take a holiday, go on vacation, take a vacation, go on a trip
(3) What words refer to a time when you can be away from work or school?
holiday, vacation, break, leave, day off
(4) What words refer to a person who is on holiday?
holidaymaker, vacationer, tourist
(5) What words refer to time when you don't have to work?
free time, spare time, time off, time out, leisure time, 
Free time
(1) What words refer to time when you don't have to work?
Behavior
Use this domain for general words referring to a person's behavior.
(1) What words refer to behaving in a particular way?
behave, act, conduct yourself, be, acquit yourself, bear, comport, deal, deport, devote, lead, live, occupy, order your steps, practice, 
(2) What words refer to the way a person behaves?
behavior, antics, conduct, character, manner, demeanor, characteristic, air, bearing, behavior, carriage, comportment, course, custom, dealing, deportment, doings, etiquette, existence, life, manners, mien, trait, way of life, the way someone acts,  
Good, moral
Use this domain for words related to being good or moral in behavior.
(1) What words describe someone who is good?
good, moral, blameless, decent, ethical, excellent, fine, high-minded, holy, honorable, just, pure, righteous, saintly, sanctified, upstanding, virtuous, worthy, 
(2) What words refer to a good person?
saint, 
(3) What words refer to the quality of being good?
goodness, morality, holiness, purity, righteousness, sanctification, virtue, 
(4) What words refer to doing something good?
do good, be good, behave, behave yourself, be on your best behavior, 
(5) What words refer to something someone does that is good?
good deed, good behavior, 
(6) What words describe something someone does that is good?
good, ethical, fine, right, righteous, worthy, 
(7) What words refer to becoming good?
improve, develop, reform, 
Bad, immoral
Use this domain for words related to being bad or immoral in behavior, and for words describing a bad person.
(1) What words describe someone who is bad?
bad, base, carnal, corrupt, dangerous, decadent, degenerate, depraved, dishonorable, evil, felonious, foul, heinous, immoral, improper, impure, iniquitous, low-minded, low, miscreant, nasty, nefarious, no good, reprobate (adj), sinful, sinister, terrible, unethical, unholy, unjust, unrighteous, vile, villainous, wicked, 
(2) What words describe someone who is very bad?
twisted, sick, perverted, depraved, terrible, 
(3) What words refer to a bad person?
miscreant, reprobate (n), scoundrel, sinner, black sheep, villain, knave, 
(4) What words refer to someone who is very bad?
monster, pervert, 
(5) What words refer to doing something bad?
sin (v), behave badly, misbehave, do wrong, be up to something, get into, indulge in, commit, stoop
(6) What words refer to the quality of being bad?
sinfulness, depravity, evil (n), iniquity, 
(7) What words refer to something someone does that is bad?
sin (n), misbehavior, 
(8) What words describe something someone does that is bad?
bad, blameworthy, sinful, wrong, 
(9) What words describe someone who plans to do something bad?
calculating, scheming, 
(10) What words describe a place where bad people often go?
seedy, sleazy, haunt, den of iniquity, 
(11) What words refer to someone becoming bad?
go bad, go wrong, turn to crime, fall, fall into sin, 
(12) What words refer to one person causing another person to be bad?
tempt, corrupt, pervert, turn, 
Meet a standard
Use this domain for words related to meeting a standard.
(1) What words refer to being acceptable?
meet a standard, be acceptable, be perfect, be normal
(2) What words refer to acceptable behavior?
act acceptably, satisfactorily, normal, pleasingly, be polite, dignity, 
(3) What words describe the behavior of someone who acts acceptably?
acceptable, satisfactory, normal, pleasing, polite, well mannered
Below standard
Use this domain for words related to behaving below a standard.
(1) What words refer to being unacceptable?
be below the standard, be unacceptable, be imperfect, be abnormal, miss the mark, fail, fail to make the grade, fail to live up to expectations, not live up to
(2) What words refer to unacceptable behavior?
act unacceptably, dissatisfactory, abnormal, unpleasing, unpleasantly, be impolite, ill mannered
(3) What words describe the behavior of someone who acts unacceptably?
unacceptable, dissatisfactory, abnormal, unpleasing, impolite, ill mannered, rude
Mature in behavior
Use this domain for words related to acting maturely--to act like an adult rather than a child.
(1) What words describe someone who is mature?
mature, adult (adj), responsible, 
(2) What words refer to doing something maturely?
be mature, act like an adult, act your age, 
(3) What words refer to the quality of being mature?
maturity, 
(4) What words refer to something someone does that is mature?
mature, 
(5) What words describe something someone does that is mature?
maturely, 
(6) What words refer to becoming mature?
mature (v), grow up,  
Immature in behavior
Use this domain for words related to behaving in an immature way--for either a child or an adult to act like a child.
(1) What words describe someone who is immature?
immature, babyish, boyish, callow, childlike, childish, girlish, inexperienced, infantile, irresponsible, naive, puerile, rookie, sophomoric, spoiled, 
(2) What words refer to an immature person?
baby, 
(3) What words refer to doing something immature?
be immature, act like a child
(4) What words refer to the quality of being immature?
immaturity, 
(5) What words describe something someone does that is immature?
immature, childish, infantile, juvenile, puerile, silly, 
(6) What words describe a bad child?
naughty, badly-behaved, mischievous, spoiled, 
(7) What words refer to a bad child?
brat, nuisance, pest, bully,  
Sensible
Use this domain for words related to being sensible--to think about what you do.
(1) What words describe someone who is sensible?
sensible, thoughtful, astute, calculating, cautious, circumspect, discreet, discriminating, foresighted, judicious, logical, practical, pragmatic, prudent, rational, realistic, reasonable, sagacious, sane, sensible, sensibly, sensitive, sound, thoughtful, wholesome 
Reputation
Use this domain for words related to having a good reputation--when most people think well of someone because he does good things and doesn't do bad things.
(1) What words refer to a person's reputation?
reputation, standing, image, name, character, 
(2) What words describe someone who has a good reputation?
reputable, of repute, prestigious, 
(3) What words refer to having a good reputation?
have a good reputation, have a reputation for, be of good repute, be well thought of, have a good name, 
(4) What words refer to a good reputation?
good reputation, prestige, stature, 
(5) What words refer to hurting someone's reputation?
harm someone's reputation, damage someone's reputation, give someone a bad name, bring someone into disrepute, discredit, bring discredit on, 
(6) What words refer to having a bad reputation?
have a bad reputation, be of evil repute, be poorly thought of, have a bad name
Patient
Use this domain for words related to being patient--if you are patient, you don't get angry or do anything bad even though something bad happens to you for a long time.
(1) What words describe someone who is patient?
patient, persevering, accommodating, 
(2) What words refer to being patient?
be patient, bear, endure, persevere, patiently, persist, plod, plug, tolerate, 
(3) What words refer to the quality of being patient?
patience, constancy, endurance, steadfastness, 
(4) What words describe a situation that a person can endure?
bearable, endurable, tolerable, 
Impatient
Use this domain for words related to being impatient--if you are impatient, you get angry or do something bad when something bad happens to you for a long time.
(1) What words describe someone who is impatient?
impatient, intolerant, 
(2) What words refer to being impatient?
wait impatiently, lose your patience, can't wait
(3) What words refer to the quality of being impatient?
impatience, intolerance, 
(4) What words describe a situation that makes a person feel impatient?
intolerable, 
Bad-tempered
Use this domain for words related to being bad-tempered--to behave in an angry, unfriendly way.
(1) What words describe a person who is often bad-tempered?
bad-tempered, grumpy, grouchy, disagreeable, cantankerous, uptight, 
(2) What words refer to being bad-tempered for a short time?
be in a bad mood, be in a huff, be in one of his bad moods, got out of bed on the wrong side, got out on the wrong side of the bed
(3) What words describe someone who refuses to talk because they are angry?
sullen, surly, sulky, sulk, be in a sulk, give someone the silent treatment, 
(4) What words describe someone who is easily annoyed by unimportant things?
irritable, crotchety, petulant, fractious, 
(5) What words describe someone who gets angry easily?
short-tempered, quick-tempered, have a short fuse, temper, 
(6) What words refer to someone who is bad-tempered?
grouch, 
Admire someone
Use this domain for words related to admiring someone--to feel good about someone because you think that he is a good person.
(1) What words refer to admiring a person?
admire, be an admirer of, accept, approve of, esteem (v), hold in someone in high esteem, look up to, have a high opinion of, hold someone in high regard, respect, respectful, think highly of, think well of, hold in honor, 
(2) What words refer to admiring someone very much?
idolize, revere, worship, put someone on a pedestal, hero-worship, 
(3) What words refer to what someone thinks of a person, either good or bad?
estimation, opinion, regard, 
(4) What words refer to the thought or feeling that someone is good?
admiration, adulation, esteem (n), respect, 
(5) What words refer to a person who is admired?
idol, hero, heroine, 
(6) What words describe someone who is admired?
admirable, estimable, honorable, idolized, 
Despise someone
Use this domain for words related to despising someone--to feel bad about someone because you think they are not as good as you.
(1) What words refer to despising someone?
despise, disdain, disregard, rebuff, reject, repudiate, scoff, scorn, shun, slight, sneer at, snub, spurn, be contemptuous of, hold in contempt, feel contempt for, feel superior, think someone is worthless, think poorly of, feel superior to, look down on, spit on, be cliquish, turn up your nose at, 
(2) What words describe someone who despises someone?
contemptuous, disdainful, disrespectful, haughty, scornful, snobbish, superior, 
(3) What words refer to a person who despises someone?
scoffer, 
(4) What words refer to the feeling of despising someone?
contempt, disdain, disregard, disrespect, hate, irreverence, 
(5) What words refer to something you do that shows you despise someone?
rebuff (n), slight (n), snub (n), 
(6) What words describe something someone does to show they despise someone?
withering (look), derisive (laugh), 
(7) What words describe someone who is despised?
contemptible, despicable, pitiable, pitiful, despised,  
Humble
Use this domain for words related to being humble--to not think that you are better than other people, or to not think that you are better than you really are, and to not talk or act as if you were better than other people.
(1) What words describe someone who is humble?
humble, lowly, meek, mild, modest, self-deprecating, self-effacing, simple, timid, timorous, unassuming, unpretentious
(2) What words refer to doing something humble?
be humble, humbly, condescend, 
(3) What words refer to the quality of being humble?
humility, humbleness, condescension, debasement, lowliness, modesty, self-abasement, self-deprecation, timidity, 
(4) What words describe something someone does that is humble?
humble, 
(5) What words refer to becoming humble?
humble yourself, 
(6) What words refer to one person causing another to be humble?
to humble someone, humiliate, debase, 
(7) What words refer to being too humble?
put yourself down, run yourself down, sell yourself short, underestimate yourself, 
Proud
Use this domain for words referring to being proud--to think that something or someone is very good and to feel very good about them, especially to think and feel very good about yourself--to think that you are better than others, to think that you are better than you really are, or to talk and act as if you were better than other people.
(1) What words refer to being proud of something or someone?
be proud of, be pleased with, be delighted with, be thrilled with, take pride in, pride yourself on, 
(2) What words refer to being proud of yourself?
be proud of yourself, be full of yourself, fancy yourself, let something go to your head, 
(3) What words refer to being satisfied with yourself?
self-satisfied, smug, pleased with yourself, complacent, 
(4) What words refer to thinking you are more important than you really are?
self-important, pompous, jumped up, have delusions of grandeur, get too big for your boots/britches, 
(5) What words refer to thinking you are better than other people?
snobbish, snobby, haughty, snooty, snotty, superior, stuck-up, class-conscious, 
(6) What words describe someone who is proud?
proud, aloof, arrogant, bigheaded, boastful, brash, conceited, contemptuous, egocentric, egotistic, egotistical, hoity-toity, imperious, inflated, lofty, ostentatious, pretentious, prideful, proud hearted, puffed up, self-aggrandizing, self-confident, uppity, vain, 
(7) What words refer to behaving in a proud way toward other people?
look down on, look down your nose at, be beneath you, think you're too good for, 
(8) What words refer to the quality of being proud?
pride, sense of achievement, aloofness, arrogance, audacity, conceit, egotism, flashiness, haughtiness, hauteur, loftiness, ostentation, pretension, self-importance, self-respect, self-will, showiness, snobbery, snobbishness, vanity, 
(9) What words refer to a proud person?
snob, prig, 
(10) What words refer to something or someone you are proud of?
be someone's pride and joy, be the pride of, be a credit to, 
(11) What words refer to something making someone proud?
go to your head, 
(12) What words refer to stopping someone from behaving proudly by criticizing them?
put someone in their place, wipe the smile off someone's face, cut someone down to size,  
Show off
Use this domain for words referring to showing off--to behave in a way that attracts people's attention because you want them to admire you.
(1) What words refer to showing off?
show off, flash your money around, put on airs, vaunt yourself, 
(2) What words refer to someone who shows off?
show-off, poseur, exhibitionist, flamboyant, dramatic, 
(3) What words describe someone who shows off?
showy, ostentatious, ostentatiously, flashy, pretentious, pretentiously, proudly, 
(4) What words refer to the quality of showing off?
showiness, flashiness, ostentation,  
Love
Use this domain for words related to loving someone--to feel good about someone, want good things to happen to them, and want to do good things for them.
love (v), like, attached, care about, cherish, be close, feel friendly toward, favor, hold in favor, feel favorable toward, be fond of, wish someone well, hope things turn out well for someone, be partial to, be enshrined in your heart, 
(2) What words refer to loving someone very much?
adore, worship, be devoted to, dote on, think the world of, mean the world to, 
(3) What words refer to the feeling of love?
love (n), adoration, affection, compassion, concern, devotion, fondness, goodwill, attachment, kindness, solicitude, sympathy, 
(4) What words describe someone who loves?
loving, affectionate, caring, compassionate, concerned, devoted, doting, fond, solicitous, sympathetic, tender, tender-hearted, warm, warmhearted, 
(5) What words refer to someone who loves?
lover, well-wishers, 
(6) What words describe someone who is loved?
beloved, dear
(7) What words refer to someone you love?
loved ones, darling, pet, the one you love, 
(8) What words refer to something someone does that is loving?
act of love, act of kindness, favor, 
(9) What words describe someone who does not love?
unloving, uncaring, 
(10) What words describe someone who is not loved?
unloved, unlovable,  
Hate, ill will
Use this domain for words referring to hating someone--to want something bad to happen to someone, or to want to do something bad to someone.
(1) What words refer to hating someone?
hate, wish evil on, wish one ill, want revenge, have it in for, 
(2) What words refer to the wish that something bad would happen to someone?
hate, hatred, animosity, antagonism, antipathy, enmity, hostility, ill will, malevolence, malice, spite, 
(3) What words describe a person who hates?
hateful, hating, antagonistic, hostile, malicious, spiteful, 
hated, 
Not care
Use this domain for words related to not caring about someone.
(1) What words describe someone who is uncaring?
uncaring, unconcerned, unfeeling, apathetic, indifferent, unmoved, blasé, 
(2) What words refer to being uncaring?
don't care, not give a damn, couldn't care less, be past caring, shrug off, 
(3) What words refer to the quality of being uncaring?
unconcern, 
(4) What words describe something someone does when they don't care?
casual, offhand, nonchalant, gaily, 
(5) What do people say when they don't care?
for all I care, who cares?, so what?, not my problem, not my concern, that's your problem, that's your lookout, tough!
(6) What do people say when they don't care what happens, because they would be happy with whatever happens?
not mind, not be fussy, it doesn't matter to me, it doesn't bother me, I'm easy, suit yourself, have no objection,  
Abandon
Use this domain for words related to abandoning someone or something--to leave and not return to them.
(1) What words refer to abandoning something?
abandon, dump, jettison, leave, leave behind, 
(2) What words refer to the act of abandoning something?
abandonment, dereliction, desertion, 
(3) What words refer to something that has been abandoned?
derelict, 
(4) What words refer to abandoning a place?
leave, leave (somewhere) never to return, 
(5) What words refer to a place that has been abandoned?
ghost town, abandoned field, abandoned homestead, 
(6) What words refer to abandoning someone?
desert, disown, divorce, dump, forsake, leave alone, maroon, 
(7) What words refer to someone who has been abandoned?
abandoned child, waif, street kid, 
(8) What words describe something that has been abandoned?
abandoned, forsaken, derelict, uncared-for, 
Do good to
Use this domain for words referring to doing good to someone.
(1) What words refer to doing good to someone?
do good to, be good to, be kind to, benefit (v), treat well, be merciful to, bless, care for, 
(2) What words describe a person who does good to other people?
accommodating, benevolent, benign, caring, charitable, chivalrous, considerate, courteous, gentle, gracious, humane, kind, kindhearted, kindly, nice, obliging, thoughtful, 
(3) What words refer to something good that someone does for another person?
kindness, benefit (n), blessing, courtesy, charity, 
(4) What words refer to the character quality of doing good?
consideration, courtesy, graciousness, kindness, kindliness, thoughtfulness
Do evil to
Use this domain for words related to doing evil to someone.
(1) What words refer to doing evil to someone?
do evil to, harm, hurt, offend, offense, hurt someone's feelings, damage, impair, hit hard, work against, be a serious blow to, be detrimental to, at the expense of, to the detriment of
(2) What words refer to doing evil to yourself?
harm yourself, cut your own throat, be your own worst enemy, shoot yourself in the foot, rebound on, come back to haunt you, 
(3) What words describe something that harms someone?
harmful, damaging, be bad for, 
(4) What words describe something that harms your health?
(5) What words describe something that does not harm anything?
harmless, innocuous, do no harm, 
Help
Use this domain for words related to helping someone.
(1) What words refer to helping someone?
help, be of help, help out, with someone's help, aid (v), come to someone's aid, assist, be of assistance, support, lend a hand, do your bit, rally round
(2) What words refer to what is done to help?
help (n), assistance, support (n), aid (n),
(3) What is a person called who helps another?
helper, aide, accomplice, assistant, 
(4) What words describe a person who helps another?
helpful, accommodating, cooperative, obliging, 
Hinder
Use this domain for words related to hindering someone.
(1) What words refer to opposing someone?
hinder, hinder someone from, oppose, opposition, stand in opposition to, be antagonistic
Cooperate with
Use this domain for words related to cooperating with someone to do something.
(1) What words refer to working together with someone to do something?
cooperate with, work together, side-by-side, jointly, collaborate, partnership, alliance, join together, team up, help each other
(2) What words describe something that people do together?
joint,  
Compete with
Use this domain for words related to competing with someone.
(1) What words refer to competing with someone?
compete with, try to beat, gain an advantage over, oppose, engage, fight, struggle, vie, 
(2) What words refer to a competition?
competition, contest, championship, tournament, conflict, rivalry, 
(3) What words refer to a person that you compete against?
competitor, opposition, rival, 
Altruistic, selfless
Use this domain for words describing a person who acts in an altruistic, selfless manner--to act out of concern for the welfare of others without concern for your own welfare.
(1) What words describe someone who is selfless?
altruistic, selfless, unselfish, thinks of others, self-sacrificing, benevolent, Good Samaritan
Selfish
Use this domain for words related to being selfish.
(1) What words describe someone who is selfish?
self-centered, selfish, 
(2) What words refer to being selfish?
be selfish, think of nobody but yourself, self-centered, egocentric, look out for yourself, look out for number one
(3) What words refer to the quality of being selfish?
selfishness,  
Use a person
Use this domain for words related to using someone for your own purpose or gain without helping them.
(1) What words refer to using a person?
use someone, take advantage of, exploit, take liberties, manipulate, wrap/twist someone around your little finger,  
Share with
Use this domain for words related to sharing with other people.
(1) What words refer to sharing with others?
share, share with, contribute toward, give to, be generous
(2) What words refer to two or more people doing something, first one person doing it, then another person doing it?
take turns, take it in turns, share, alternate, 
Provide for, support
Use this domain for words referring to providing someone with what they need to live each day, such as providing for an elderly parent who can no longer earn what they need.
(1) What words refer to providing someone with what they need?
provide for, support, furnish, supply
(2) What words refer to needing someone to provide for you?
depend on, dependent, rely on
(3) What words refer to a person who provides?
provider, means of support, supplier
(4) What words refer to what is provided?
provisions, support (n), supply (n)
Care for
Use this domain for words related to caring for someone--to do something good for someone, because they need something and cannot do it.
(1) What words refer to caring for someone?
care for, take care of, meet someone's needs
(2) What is a person called who takes care of another?
caregiver
Entrust to the care of
Use this domain for words related to entrusting something to the care of someone.
(1) What words refer to giving something to someone for him to take care of?
entrust to the care of, assign, commend, commit, trust with
Meddle
Use this domain for words referring to meddling--involving oneself in something that does not concern oneself, such as someone else's business or affairs, or a fight between other people.
(1) What words refer to meddling in someone's affairs?
meddle, bother, butt in, eavesdrop, encroach, infringe, interfere, intervene, intrude, pry, snoop, tamper
(2) What words refer to a person who meddles?
busybody, eavesdropper, interloper, intruder, meddler, snoop
Spoil
Use this domain for words referring to spoiling something that is happening, such as an event, work, relationship, or feeling, by doing something that makes it less attractive, less enjoyable, or less effective--to do something bad to something that is happening, so that people can't do what they were doing or don't enjoy it as much.
(1) What words refer to spoiling the quality of something?
spoil, impair, mar, detract from
(2) What words refer to spoiling someone's work?
spoil, mess up, undermine, sabotage, throw a wrench in the works, pour cold water on, 
(3) What words refer to spoiling a relationship?
spoil, sour, poison, 
(4) What words refer to spoiling an event?
spoil, mar, put a damper on, cast a shadow over, 
(5) What words refer to spoiling a person's reputation?
spoil, damage, damaging, discredit, harm, tarnish, be tainted, 
(6) What words refer to completely spoiling something?
ruin, destroy, wreck, screw up, spoil everything, 
(7) What words refer to someone who spoils people's enjoyment of an event?
wet blanket, spoilsport, killjoy, 
(8) What words describe something that has not been spoiled?
unspoiled, unblemished, 
Enter by force
Use this domain for words related to entering a place, such as a house, by force.
(1) What words refer to entering something by force?
enter by force, break in, force your way in, forcible entry, 
Kidnap
Use this domain for words related to kidnapping someone.
(1) What words refer to kidnapping someone?
kidnap, abduct, kidnap, nab, shanghai, snatch, 
(2) What words refer to the act of kidnapping someone?
kidnapping, abduction, 
(3) What words refer to someone who kidnaps?
kidnapper, abductor, snatcher
Cruel
Use this domain for words related to being cruel.
(1) What words describe someone who is cruel?
cruel, ruthless, heartless, sadistic, bloodthirsty
(2) What words refer to the quality of being cruel?
cruelty,  
Honest
Use this domain for words related to being honest--words describing someone who does not cheat, steal, or break the law.
(1) What words describe someone who is honest?
honest, reputable, incorruptible, above suspicion, 
(2) What words refer to the quality of being honest?
honesty, integrity,  
Dishonest
Use this domain for words related to being dishonest.
(1) What words describe someone who does not tell the truth?
dishonest, lying, devious, sly, untrustworthy, sneaky, unscrupulous, have no scruples, corrupt, crooked
Faithful
Use this domain for words related to being faithful--to continue to love and do good to someone so that they can always trust you.
(1) What words describe someone who is faithful?
faithful, loyal, devoted, staunch, true, unswerving, 
(2) What words refer to being faithful?
stand by, stick by, be true to, 
(3) What words refer to the quality of being faithful?
faithfulness, allegiance, devotion, fidelity, loyalty, solidarity, 
Reliable
Use this domain for words related to being reliable--words describe a person who can be relied on to do what he is supposed to.
(1) What words describe someone who is reliable?
reliable, responsible, faithful, honest, 
(2) What words refer to a reliable person?
man of his word, 
(3) What words refer to being reliable?
keep your word, keep your promise
(4) What words refer to the quality of being reliable?
integrity, 
(5) What words refer to relying on someone to do something?
rely on, depend on 
Unreliable
Use this domain for words related to being unreliable.
(1) What words describe a person who cannot be relied on to do what he should?
be unreliable, untrustworthy, irresponsible, unfaithful, disloyal, treacherous, cheat on
Deceive
Use this domain for words related to deceiving someone.
(1) What words refer to acting in such a way that someone is led to believe something false?
deceive, fool, take in, defraud, cheat, fleece, bilk, swindle, hustle, dupe, hoodwink, foist upon, palm off on, outwit, outmaneuver, finagle, slip one over on, put something over on, con, lay a trap for, lure, beguile, delude, trick, entrap, ensnare, pull the wool over someone's eyes, play a trick on, play a practical joke on, send on a fool's errand, make a fool of, mislead
(2) What words refer to the act of deceiving someone?
deceit, deception, fraud, delusion, cunning, illusion, treachery
(3) What words refer to someone who deceives?
deceiver, magician, conjuror
(4) What words refer to someone who deceives in order to steal?
con man, swindler, snake, cheat
(5) What words refer to someone who pretends to be someone else?
imposter, charlatan, fraud, fake, pretender, quack, wolf in sheep's clothing
(6) What words describe someone who deceives?
deceptive, fraudulent, cunning, treacherous
Hypocrite
Use this domain for words related to being a hypocrite.
(1) What words refer to saying one thing but doing something else?
be a hypocrite, act hypocritically, hypocrisy, pretend, pretense
(2) What words refer to a person who says one thing but does something else?
hypocrite, pretender, actor
Self-controlled
Use this domain for words referring to self-control--deciding not to do something that you want to do, because you think it would be bad to do it; or deciding to do something, because you know it is good.
(1) What words describe someone who is self-controlled?
self-controlled, ascetic, austere, careful, conscientious, controlled, disciplined, discreet, moderate, provident, prudent, puritanical, restrained, sober-minded, stoic, tempered, tolerant, unsparing, 
(2) What words refer to a self-controlled person?
ascetic, conformist, moderate, puritan, stoic, 
(3) What words refer to being self-controlled?
abstain, behave, behave yourself, constrain, contain yourself, control yourself, discipline yourself, forbear, forgo, restrain yourself, say no, tolerate, 
(4) What words refer to the quality of being self-controlled?
self-control, abnegation, abstention, abstinence, asceticism, constraint, discipline, equanimity, forbearance, moderation, poise, reserve, restraint, self-denial, self-discipline, sobriety, stoicism, sufferance, temperance, tolerance, toleration, 
(5) What words refer to controlling your feelings?
keep your temper, calm and collected, composed, composure, forbearing, unexcitable, long-suffering, poised, reserved, staid, steady, unexcited, 
(6) What words refer to controlling your eating?
put a knife to your throat, 
(7) What words refer to controlling your desire to drink alcohol?
stay sober, go on the wagon, 
(8) What words refer to controlling your desire to spend money?
frugal, frugality, thrifty, thrift, 
Lack self-control
Use this domain for words related to a lack of self-control.
(1) What words describe a person who does not control himself?
addicted, excessive, gluttonous, indulgent, intemperate, piggish, prodigal, riotous, self-indulgent, surfeit, unbridled, uncontrolled, unrestrained, voracious
(2) What words refer to a person who does not control himself?
addict, Epicurean, glutton, pig, prodigal, 
(3) What words refer to a lack of self-control?
lack self-control, indulge, overdo, permit, do something to excess, lose control, get carried away, break down, give in to, 
(4) What words refer to the quality of lacking self-control?
addiction, debauchery, dissipation, excess, excitability, extravagance, gluttony, indulgence, intemperance, leniency, overindulgence,  
Tidy
Use this domain for words referring to being tidy in your habits, such as keeping your belongings neat and organized,.
(1) What words describe someone who is tidy?
tidy, neat, orderly, organized, consistent, house-proud, 
(2) What words refer to making something tidy?
tidy, tidy up, clean up, clear up, straighten, straighten up, get the place straight, put something straight, put something in order, put something away, 
(3) What words refer to the quality of being tidy?
tidiness, neatness, 
(4) What words describe something that is tidy?
tidy, immaculate, just so, neat, shipshape, smart, trim, well-kept 
Untidy
Use this domain for words related to being untidy--to not keep your things tidy and orderly.
(1) What words describe someone who is untidy?
untidy, messy, slovenly, slob, disorderly
(2) What words describe someone whose clothes and hair are untidy?
untidy, scruffy, unkempt, disheveled, bedraggled
(3) What words refer to making something untidy?
make a mess, mess something up, clutter, ransack, leave something lying about, 
(4) What words refer to the quality of being untidy?
untidiness, messiness, disorderliness, 
(5) What words refer to a place that is untidy?
dump, pigsty
(6) What words describe something that is untidy?
untidy, messy, be a mess, bedraggled, careless, cluttered, disheveled, frowzy, rumpled, slatternly, slovenly, be all in a muddle, 
(7) What words refer to things that are scattered around a place and make it look untidy?
mess, clutter 
Mistake
Use this domain for words referring to mistakes--something bad that someone does by accident.
(1) What words refer to a mistake?
mistake, error, slip, mix-up, slip-up, oversight, aberration, 
(2) What words refer to a mistake in writing or speaking?
mistake, misprint, spelling mistake, slip of the tongue, error, typographical error, typo, 
(3) What words refer to a serious mistake in judgment or planning?
mistake, miscalculation, misjudgment, error of judgment, be a bad move, blunder, bad tactics, muddle, confusion, mess something up, make a mess of something, 
(4) What words refer to an embarrassing mistake?
put your foot in it, faux pas, gaffe, boo-boo, indiscretion, 
(5) What words refer to making a mistake?
make a mistake, make an error, mistake something, go wrong, get something wrong, blunder, goof, goof up, slip up, misjudge, bungle, 
(6) What words describe something done by mistake?
by mistake, mistaken, mistakenly, in error, erroneously, 
(7) What words refer to mistaking one thing or person for another?
mistake something, confuse, mix someone up with, get something mixed up, muddle, 
(8) What words refer to causing someone to make a mistake?
trip someone up, catch someone out, 
(9) What do you say when you make a mistake?
oops, 
Polite
Use this domain for words related to social refinement.
(1) What words describe someone who is polite?
polite, civil, courteous, diplomatic, discreet, elegant, graceful, refined, respectful, smooth, suave, tactful, well-mannered, 
(2) What words refer to being polite?
have good manners, 
(3) What words refer to being very polite?
correct, formal, stiff, 
(4) What words refer to the quality of being polite?
politeness, etiquette, formality, manners, courtesy, tact, 
(5) What words describe a child who is polite?
good, well-behaved, well-brought up 
Impolite
Use this domain for words related to being impolite.
(1) What words describe someone who is impolite?
rude, impolite, ill-mannered, discourteous, unpleasant, offensive, loutish, churlish, impudent, cheeky, impertinent, insolent, disrespectful, sassy 
Crazy
Use this domain for words related to being crazy--to act stupid or strange.
(1) What words describe someone who is crazy?
crazy, mad, insane, berserk, barmy, deranged, dotty, batty, flaky, 
(2) What words refer to a crazy person?
maniac, lunatic, nut, nutcase, loony, madman, madwoman, nutter, wacko, weirdo, 
(3) What words refer to being crazy?
be nuts, be crackers, need your head examined, be out of your mind, be off your rocker, be stark raving mad, be out to lunch, 
(4) What words refer to the quality of being crazy?
craziness
(5) What words refer to something someone does that is crazy?
craziness, insanity, lunacy, madness, 
(6) What words describe something someone does that is crazy?
crazy, insane, mad, screwy, 
(7) What words refer to beginning to feel like you are crazy?
go crazy, go mad, go nuts, go round the bend, 
(8) What words refer to beginning to act crazy?
go crazy, go berserk, go mad, go nuts, 
(9) What words refer to causing someone to feel or act crazy?
drive someone crazy, drive someone nuts, drive someone mad, drive someone round the bend, 
Change behavior
Use this domain for words related to changing your behavior either for the better or for the worse.
(1) What general words refer to changing your behavior?
change your behavior, modify your behavior, alter your behavior, turn to something
(2) What words refer to changing your behavior for the better?
reform, grow up, mature, mend your ways, turn over a new leaf, shape up, improve, go straight, overcome your past
(3) What words refer to changing your behavior for the worse?
go bad, backslide, fall into sin, your behavior is deteriorating, go crooked
(4) What words refer to trying to change someone's behavior?
change someone, discipline, train, reform someone, influence, have a good/bad influence on someone, turn someone toward/away from something
Conform
Use this domain for words related to conforming to the behavior of others--to try to behave the same way as other people, or to try to behave the way other people want you to act.
(1) What words refer to conforming to the behavior of others?
conform, 
(2) What words describe someone who behaves like most other people?
conventional, 
Culture
Use this domain for general words referring to culture--the way a group of people (such as a tribe) behaves that is different from other groups.
(1) What general words refer to culture?
culture, cultural norm, civilization
Custom
Use this domain for words referring to customs--a particular practice of a cultural group.
(1) What words refer to a custom?
custom, convention, tradition, (our) way, praxis, 
Habit
Use this domain for words referring to a habit--a pattern of behavior of a person; something a person does frequently or regularly.
(1) What words refer to a habit?
habit, habitual, mannerism, ways, 
(2) What words refer to doing something because it is a habit?
have a habit of doing something, out of habit, from habit, force of habit, be accustomed to
Prosperity, trouble
Use this domain for general words referring to prosperity and trouble
(1) What general words refer to prosperity and trouble?
prosperity and trouble, good and evil, ying and yang
Prosperity
Use this domain for words related to prosperity--when good things are happening.
(1) What words refer to life going well?
be fortunate, be blessed, have it easy, have a good life, prosper, be prosperous, everything is going well, have a good time, have plenty
(2) What words refer to a good life?
the good life, good times, prosperity, blessing, good fortune, ease, welfare, quality of life, utopia, 
(3) What words describe a good life?
good, blessed, fortunate, easy, prosperous, carefree, trouble free, quality, plentiful, fun-filled, fantastic, great, full, fruitful, productive, enjoyable, happy, wonderful
Trouble
Use this domain for words referring to bad things that happen in life.
(1) What words refer to bad things that happen in life?
trouble, adversity, difficulty, hardship
(2) What types of trouble are there?
be in need, be in pain, be injured, harm, be in distress, suffer persecution, be in danger, social unrest, anarchy
(3) What causes trouble?
war, famine, disaster, accident, sickness, injury, death, conflict, harm, destruction, oppression
Problem
Use this domain for words related to problems.
(1) What words refer to a problem?
problem, bind, conundrum, difficulty, dire straits, fix, jam, mess, misfortune, pickle, pinch, plight, predicament, scrape, trouble, 
(2) What words refer to solving a problem?
solve, resolve, figure out
Danger
Use this domain for words referring to danger--things and events that threaten to inflict damage, pain, or death.
(1) What words refer to danger?
danger, threat, 
(2) What words describe something that is dangerous?
dangerous, threatening, life threatening, 
(3) What words describe something that is not dangerous?
safe, harmless, out of harm's way
Accident
Use this domain for words related to accidents--something bad that happens without anyone wanting it to happen or doing anything to cause it to happen.
(1) What words refer to an accident?
accident, mishap
(2) What words refer to a big accident?
disaster
(3) What words refer to an accident involving vehicles?
accident, crash, wreck, pile-up, collision
(4) What words refer to having an accident?
have an accident, be involved in an accident, crash
(5) What words describe something that happens in an accident?
accidental
Disaster
Use this domain for words related to a disaster.
(1) What general words refer to a disaster?
disaster, catastrophe, tragedy, calamity, crisis, emergency
(2) What words refer to a natural disaster?
natural disaster, 'act of God'
(3) What words describe an event that causes a disaster?
disastrous, catastrophic, tragic
(4) What types of disasters are there?
epidemic (of disease), forest/grass fire, storm, famine, plague (of insects), earthquake, war
Separate, alone
Use this domain for words referring to a person being separate or alone.
(1) What words refer to being alone?
be separate, alone, lonely, isolated, hermit, recluse, cloistered, sanctified, singular, bachelor, old maid, orphan, be by yourself, cut off from people, marooned, remote, distant
Suffer
Use this domain for words related to suffering--to feel very bad because of something very bad that has happened to you.
(1) What words refer to suffering?
suffer, ache for someone, be afflicted with, agonize, endure, feel horrible, have a hard time, be hurting, be in pain, feel pain, feel rotten, undergo, go through, put up with, be subjected to, be in the grip of, be in the throes of, 
(2) What words refer to suffering because of something you have done?
suffer, pay for, pay the penalty for, count the cost, cost someone dearly, stew in your own juice, know to your cost, find out to your cost, at a cost to, 
(3) What words refer to the feeling of suffering?
suffering, ache, affliction, agony, distress, misery, pain, torment (n), torture (n), 
(4) What words describe someone who suffers?
suffering, tormented, 
(5) What words refer to causing someone to suffer?
distress (v), give someone a hard time, hurt, inflict, put someone through, subject to, torment (v), torture (v), 
(6) What words refer to something that causes someone to suffer?
adversity, hardship, hell, injury, tormenter, torturer, 
(7) What words describe something that causes someone to suffer?
agonizing, distressing, hard, hurtful, painful, tormenting, torturing, 
(8) What words describe something that is too painful to accept?
unbearable, unbearably, intolerable, intolerably, unendurable, 
(9) What words refer to someone who suffers?
sufferer, casualty, victim, 
(10) What words refer to someone who seems to enjoy suffering?
masochist, martyr, be a glutton for punishment, 
Respond to trouble
Use this domain for words related to responding to trouble.
(1) What does a person do when he is in trouble?
cry for help, rise to the occasion, respond, take action, deal with
Brave
Use this domain for words describing someone who is brave--not afraid to do something dangerous.
(1) What words refer to the action of showing courage?
show courage, be brave, dare, brace yourself, embolden, face (v), buck up, 
(2) What words describe someone who is brave?
courageous, brave, bold, adventurous, assured, audacious, confident, cool under fire, daring, dauntless, doughty, fearless, gallant, gutsy, heroic, intrepid, never-say-die, plucky, spunky, stout, stouthearted, undaunted, valiant, valorous
(3) What words refer to the ability to do something brave?
courage, bravery, assurance, audacity, boldness, confidence, firmness, fortitude, gallantry, grit, guts, heroism, manliness, nerve, pluck, spunk, valor, fighting spirit, 
(4) What words refer to a person who has courage?
hero, heroine, daredevil, 
(5) What words refer to being brave enough to do something?
be brave enough to do something, dare, have the guts to do something, have the nerve to do something, pluck up the courage to do something, have the courage of your convictions, 
Cowardice
Use this domain for words related to feeling cowardly--to be afraid to do something because you think something bad might happen to you.
(1) What words refer to feeling cowardly?
be cowardly, be a coward, act cowardly, have a yellow streak, 
(2) What words refer to the feeling of cowardice?
cowardice, 
(3) What words describe someone who feels cowardly?
cowardly, chicken, chickenhearted, fainthearted, gutless, lily-livered, pusillanimous, sissified, spineless, weak-kneed, wimpy, yellow, yellow bellied, 
(4) What words refer to causing someone to feel cowardly?
unnerve, 
(5) What words describe something that causes someone to feel cowardly?
daunting, 
(6) What words refer to a coward?
coward, milksop, sissy, wimp, yellow-belly
(7) What words refer to becoming cowardly?
lose your nerve, get cold feet, not dare, chicken out, not have the guts, not have the nerve, 
(8) How do people show that they feel cowardly?
cower, 
Avoid
Use this domain for words related to avoiding something bad, such as trouble or someone you don't want to meet.
(1) What words refer to avoiding trouble?
avoid trouble, avoid adversity, retreat, appease, to run away
Caution
Use this domain for words related to being cautious.
(1) What words describe a person who is cautious?
cautious, caution, careful
(2) What words describe a person who is not cautious?
incautious, rash, impetuous
Solve a problem
Use this domain for words related to solving a problem.
(1) What words refer to solving a problem?
solve, resolve, put right, find a solution, rectify
Endure
Use this domain for words related to enduring a problem.
(1) What words refer to enduring a problem?
endure, stand, bear, put up with
Survive
Use this domain for words referring to surviving--to live through a time of danger.
(1) What words refer to surviving?
survive, live through, last, remain, survivor, escape, squeak by, make it
Respond to someone in trouble
Use this domain for words related to responding to someone in trouble.
(1) What words refer to the response of a person who sees someone in trouble?
respond, help, go to help, come to the aid of
(2) What words refer to the response of a person who sees someone in trouble?
response, help, aid
Mercy
Use this domain for words related to having mercy on someone who has done something bad.
(1) What words refer to having mercy on someone?
have mercy, be merciful, be compassionate, feel sorry for, have a heart, be kind, empathize, empathy, pity (v), spare, 
(2) What words describe someone who has mercy on another person?
merciful, compassionate, humane, lenient, long-suffering, sparing, 
(3) What words refer to the act of having mercy?
mercy, mercies, clemency, compassion, empathetic, forbearance, kindness, leniency, pity (n), 
(4) What words describe someone who does not have mercy on other people?
merciless, unmerciful, heartless, pitiless, ruthless, ruthlessness, 
(5) What words describe someone who needs mercy?
pitiable, 
Show sympathy, support
Use this domain for words related to showing sympathy and support to someone in trouble.
(1) What words refer to showing sympathy for someone in trouble?
feel sympathy, empathize with, feel with, sympathetic, comfort, console, compassion, 
Gentle
Use this domain for words related to being gentle.
(1) What words refer to being gentle with someone or something?
be gentle, careful, mild
Save from trouble
Use this domain for words related to saving someone or something from trouble (something bad is happening) or danger (something bad will happen).
(1) What words refer to saving someone from trouble?
save, save someone's life, rescue (v), come to someone's rescue, mount a rescue, release, come to the aid of, preserve life, cover, defend, deliver, ensure someone's safety, extricate, free, guard, harbor, hide, insurance, insure, keep, preserve, protect, ransom, recover, retrieve, safeguard, safekeeping, safety, salvage, screen, secure someone's safety, grant asylum, shelter, shield, spare, pick up (a survivor), get someone out of, bail out, throw someone a lifeline, grant safe conduct
(2) What words refer to the act of saving someone?
salvation, rescue (n), defense, deliverance, extrication, recovery, 
(3) What words refer to saving yourself?
make it to safety, get to safety, avoid, break, bypass, dodge, duck, elude, escape, evade, evasion, flee, shake, shy away from, sidestep, give someone the slip, 
(4) What words describe someone who is safe?
safe, clear, found, free, guarded, immune, impregnable, intact, invulnerable, protected, secure, security, sheltered, unharmed, unhurt, unscathed, untouched, welfare, be out of danger, at a safe distance, be in good hands, safe and sound, with a whole skin
(5) What words refer to a person who saves someone?
savior, defender, deliverer, liberator, rescuer, protector, guardian
(6) What words refer to a place where you are safe?
safety, place of safety, refuge, sanctuary, shelter, safe house, safe harbor, haven, stronghold, asylum, hideout, retreat
Protect
Use this domain for words related to protecting someone from danger or being hurt.
(1) What words refer to protecting someone?
protect, protection, protective, guard, safeguard, fortify, secure, watch, keep safe, keep, insulate, encircle, defend, defense
(2) What is a person called who protects someone?
protector, guard, watchman, defender, advocate, sentry, bodyguard, defensive force
(3) What words are used for a place where someone is protected?
fortress, fort, castle, battlement, moat, fortification
(4) What words refer to something used to protect someone?
armor, shield, guard, 
Free from bondage
Use this domain for words related to freeing someone from bondage.
(1) What words refer to freeing someone from bondage?
liberated, be free, unfettered, unbound, unchained, unleashed, pardoned, release (n), released, reprieve, parole, unrestrained, licensed, authorized, unconfined
Relief
Use this domain for words related to relief.
(1) What words refer to relieving someone?
relieve someone's suffering, bring relief, give relief, allay, alleviate, assuage, ease someone's load, lighten someone's load, mitigate, bring respite, soften the blow, soothe
(2) What words refer to relief from trouble?
relief
Risk
Use this domain for words referring to risk--exposing oneself or something to danger.
(1) What words refer to risking something?
risk, run a risk, expose (oneself to danger), hazard, wager, dare
Chance
Use this domain for words related to chance--when something happens that no one intended.
(1) What words refer to something happening by chance or luck?
chance, luck, fortune, fate, 
(2) What words refer to two things happening at the same time by chance?
coincidence, 
(3) What words refer to believing that things cause good or bad luck?
superstition, superstitious, 
Lucky
Use this domain for words related to being lucky.
(1) What words refer to being lucky on a particular occasion?
lucky, fortunate, be in luck, have the good fortune to do something, fall on your feet, be in the right place at the right time, luck out, 
(2) What words refer to being lucky all the time?
lucky, fortunate, some people have all the luck, lead a charmed life, not know you're born, it's all right for some, 
(3) What words describe something good that happens as a result of good luck?
lucky, fortunate, miraculous, a good thing, a good job, stroke of luck, fluke, 
(4) What words refer to something that makes good things happen to someone?
luck, a run of good luck, 
(5) What words describe something that makes you lucky?
lucky (charm/number/day), 
(6) What words indicate that something bad did not happen as a result of luck?
luckily, fortunately, happily, 
(7) What words refer to something that seems unlucky but turns out to be good?
blessing in disguise, 
(8) What do people say when they hope someone will be lucky?
wish someone luck, good luck, best of luck, 
(9) What do people say to try to prevent bad luck?
knock on wood, touch wood, keep your fingers crossed, 
Unlucky
Use this domain for words related to being unlucky.
(1) What words refer to being unlucky on a particular occasion?
unlucky, unfortunate, have the misfortune to do something, have bad luck, be out of luck, a run of bad luck, it's one of those days, it's not my day, 
(2) What words describe someone who always has bad luck?
unlucky, with my luck, just my luck, jinxed, born under a bad star, cursed, 
(3) What words describe an unlucky situation or event?
unlucky, unfortunate, unfortunately, as bad luck would have it, be bad luck, 
(4) What words describe something that causes bad luck?
unlucky, be bad luck, bring bad luck, a jinx on, 
(5) What words refer to bad luck?
bad luck, misfortune, bit of bad luck, hard luck, 
Authority
Use this domain for words related to authority.
(1) What words refer to authority?
authority, power, dominion, hegemony, control, right
Person in authority
Use this domain for words related to a person in authority.
(1) What words refer to a person in authority?
person in authority, authority, authority figure, person in charge, leader, boss, captain, director, chairman, chairperson, head, figurehead, master
Have authority
Use this domain for words related to having authority.
(1) What words refer to having authority?
have authority, be in authority, be in charge
Exercise authority
Use this domain for words related to exercising authority.
(1) What words refer to exercising authority?
exercise authority, use authority, authorize, strict, severe
Lead
Use this domain for words referring to one person leading or controlling other people because they have authority over them.
(1) What words refer to leading?
lead, direct, control, guide
(2) What words refer to the ability to lead?
leadership, charisma, stewardship, guidance, chieftainship
(3) What words refer to someone who leads?
leader, 
Command
Use this domain for words related to commanding someone to do something.
(1) What words refer to commanding someone to do something?
command, order, direct, impel, prescribe, 
Discipline, train
Use this domain for words related to disciplining someone.
(1) What words refer to disciplining someone?
discipline, train, drill, prepare, train, control, strict, severe
Appoint, delegate
Use this domain for words related to appointing someone to a position of authority, or delegating authority to someone.
(1) What words refer to appointing someone to a position of authority?
appoint (someone to a position), appointment, assign (someone to a position), place (someone in authority), designate (someone as), delegate (authority to), give (authority to), entrust (someone) with (something)
(2) What words describe someone in a position of authority?
responsible
Submit to authority
Use this domain for words related to submitting to authority.
(1) What words refer to submitting to authority?
submit to authority, obey, law abiding
Obey
Use this domain for words related to obeying someone.
(1) What words refer to being obedient?
obey, abide by the law, submit, comply
(2) What words refer to a person who obeys?
law-abiding citizen
(3) What words describe a person who obeys?
obedient, law-abiding, submissive, compliant
Disobey
Use this domain for words related to disobeying someone.
(1) What words refer to being disobedient?
disobey, break the law, refuse to submit, rebel
(2) What words refer to a person who disobeys?
law breaker, criminal, rebel
(3) What words describe a person who disobeys?
disobedient, law breaking, unsubmissive, rebellious
Serve
Use this domain for words related to serving someone.
(1) What words refer to serving someone?
serve, service, attend to, wait on, 
(2) What words refer to a servant?
servant, manservant, maidservant, 
(3) What words refer to a servant who works in a house?
butler, maid, chambermaid, housemaid, houseboy, 
Slave
Use this domain for words referring to a slave--a person owned by another and obligated to work without wages.
(1) What words refer to a slave?
slave, bondservant, serf
(2) What words refer to the condition of being a slave?
slavery, bondage, servitude
Follow, be a disciple
Use this domain for words related to being a disciple of someone.
(1) What words refer to a disciple following someone?
follow, be a disciple
(2) What words refer to a disciple?
disciple, adherent, devotee, follower, imitator, learner, proselyte
Rebel against authority
Use this domain for words related to rebelling against authority.
(1) What words refer to rebelling against authority?
rebel, revolt, resist, rise up, rise against, mutiny, overthrow
(2) What words refer to the act of rebellion?
rebellion, revolt, revolution, sedition, insurrection, insurgency, mutiny, civil disobedience, coup, coup d'etat, counterrevolution, putsch, takeover, uprising, 
(3) What words refer to the process of rebellion?
rebel cause, rebel movement
(4) What words refer to an instance of rebelling?
act of rebellion, rebellious act, revolutionary act, demonstration, riot, disorder, sabotage
(5) What words refer to a person who rebels?
rebel, activist, agitator, anarchist, belligerent, conspirator, extremist, guerrilla, insurgent, liberationist, militant, mutineer, rabble-rouser, radical, rebel, revolutionary, revolutionist, terrorist
(6) What words describe a rebel?
rebellious, revolutionary, defiant, mutinous, radical
(7) What words describe a revolution?
violent, peaceful
(8) What is the leader of a rebellion called?
leader of a rebellion, rebel leader, revolutionary leader
(9) What does the leader of a rebellion do?
lead a rebellion, organize a rebellion, 
(10) What do the authorities do to stop a rebellion?
put down, suppress, 
Independent
Use this domain for words related to being independent.
(1) What words describe a country that is independent?
independent, sovereign, self-governing
Honor
Use this domain for words related to honoring someone.
(1) What words refer to honoring someone?
show respect, respectful, honor, glorify, praise, magnify, lift up, worship
(2) What words refer to a posture of giving honor?
bow, prostrate
Title, name of honor
Use this domain for words related to a title of honor.
(1) What words refer to a title used to address a person?
title, terms of address, 
(2) What words are used to speak to a person in authority?
your honor, your majesty, your grace, sir, mister, madam, ma'am
Lack respect
Use this domain for words related to lacking respect.
(1) What words refer to a lack of respect?
lack respect, show disrespect, disrespectful, dishonor, despise
Status
Use this domain for words related to a person's social status.
(1) What general words refer to a person's status?
status, rank, position, 
(2) What words refer moving to a higher status or position in an organization?
be promoted, move up the ladder, move on to higher things, promotion, rise, advancement, 
(3) What words refer to giving someone a higher position?
promote, upgrade, elevate, 
High status
Use this domain for words related to high social status.
(1) What words describe high status?
high status, high rank, privilege, promote, raise in status, raise in rank, important person, aristocracy, prominent, grand, great
(2) What titles of address are used to refer to or speak to a person of high status?
sir, my lord, gentleman, lady
Low status
Use this domain for words related to low social status.
(1) What words refer to being low in status?
be low down, be at the bottom, be at the bottom of the pile, 
(2) What words refer to low status?
low status, low estate
(3) What words describe someone who is low in status?
junior, low-ranking, 
(4) What words refer to being lower in status than someone else?
assistant, subordinate, under, 
(5) What words are used of lowering someone's status?
be reduced in status, humble, reduce in rank, bust (in rank), debase, degrade, demote
Government
Use this domain for words related to government.
(1) What general words refer to government?
govern, government, governor, governance
(2) What words refer to the place where the government is?
capital, seat of government, 
(3) What words describe something having to do with the government?
governmental, official
(4) What words describe the kind of government in a country?
monarchy, democracy, democratic, republic, republican, autocratic, dictatorship, dictatorial, communist, communistic, socialist, socialistic, theocracy, theocratic, 
(5) What words refer to flags and other symbols of government?
flag, official seal, crown, scepter, throne, regalia, 
Ruler
Use this domain for words related to the ruler of a country.
(1) What is the person called who is the highest ruler in the country?
ruler, highest ruler, supreme authority, head of state, leader of the country, emperor, king, president, premier, chancellor, prime minister, Caesar, pharaoh, chief, paramount chief, chieftain, chief of state
(2) What words refer to the position or office of the ruler?
throne, kingship, presidency, premiership, chieftaincy, chieftainship, position, office
(3) What words describe something having to do with the ruler?
royal, regal, imperial, kingly, presidential, majestic
(4) What words refer to the house of the ruler?
palace, castle, White House, number 10 Downing Street, 
(5) What words refer to the symbols of the ruler?
throne, crown, diadem, scepter, royal robes, presidential seal, 
(6) What special words and phrases are used when talking to the ruler?
your majesty, live forever
(7) What words refer to when a ruler begins to rule?
take the throne, crown (v), swear in, take the oath of office, 
(8) What words refer to when a ruler stops ruling?
abdicate, resign, overthrow, leave office, 
King's family
Use this domain for words related to the king's family.
(1) What is the king's family called?
royal family, royalty, nobility
(2) What are the members of the king's family called?
queen (king's wife), prince (king's son), princess (king's daughter), duke (king's brother), duchess (king's sister), queen mother (king's mother), former king (king's father), noble, nobleman
(3) What is the person called who has been designated as the next king?
the next king, heir apparent, successor to the throne, Prince of Wales
(4) What words are used to describe things related to the king's family?
royal, queenly, princely, noble
Government official
Use this domain for words related to a government official.
(1) What words refer to a government official?
official, chancellor, court, courtier, chamberlain, eunuch, minister, cabinet member
(2) What words refer to position in the government?
position, post, office, 
Citizen
Use this domain for words related to a citizen of a country.
(1) What words refer to a citizen of a country?
citizen, naturalized citizen, native, subject, countryman, inhabitant
(2) What words refer to all the citizens of a country?
people, populace, citizenry, nation
(3) What words refer to the status of a citizen?
citizenship, natural born, naturalized
(4) What official documents are used to prove citizenship?
birth certificate, passport, identification papers
(5) What words refer to counting the citizens?
census, take a census, number (v)
(6) What words refer to the number of citizens in a country or area?
population
(7) What words refer to studying the citizens?
demography
(8) What words refer to a person who lives in a country?
inhabitant, resident
Foreigner
Use this domain for words related to a foreigner--a person who visits or lives in a country but is not a citizen.
(1) What words refer to a foreigner?
foreigner, immigrant, alien, expatriate, outsider
(2) What words refer to a person you don't know?
stranger
(3) What words describe something from a foreign country?
foreign, overseas, 
(4) What words indicate that someone is in or going to a foreign country?
abroad, overseas, 
Government organization
Use this domain for words related to a government organization.
(1) What general words refer to a government organization?
government organization, ministry, department, branch, agency
Governing body
Use this domain for words related to a governing body--an organization within the government.
(1) What words refer to a governing body?
governing body, congress, parliament, legislature, court, cabinet, council, ministry, department
Rule
Use this domain for words related to ruling.
(1) What words refer to ruling?
rule, reign, be in power
Subjugate
Use this domain for words related to a person subjugating someone to their authority.
(1) What words refer to subjugating someone?
subjugate, subject (someone) to authority
Government functions
Use this domain for words related to government functions--the things a government does.
(1) What are the functions of government?
regulation of trade, regulation of finance, coinage, printing money, public works, keeping the peace, waging war, putting down rebellion, passing laws, enforcing the law, punishing crime, 
(2) What words refer to the postal system?
mail, post, post office, stamp, postman, postal
Police
Use this domain for words related to the police.
(1) What words refer to the police?
police, police officer, policeman, police force, chief of police, posse, 
(2) What do police do?
enforce the law, investigate crime, patrol, set up roadblocks, file reports
(3) What tools do police use?
gun, revolver, billy club, handcuffs, police uniform, badge, police car, siren, police radio, whistle
(4) Where do the police work?
police station, precinct, beat, 
Arrest
Use this domain for words related to arresting a criminal.
(1) What do police do to suspected criminals?
pursue, hunt down, look for, post want ads
(2) What words refer to the police arresting a criminal?
arrest, apprehend, apprehension, bust, capture, catch, collar, detain, detention, nab, pick up, seize, seizure, take away, take into custody, take prisoner, trap, 
(3) What do the police do to a criminal?
arraign, book, lock up, imprison, put behind bars, handcuff, chain
Informal justice
Use this domain for words related to informal justice--punishing someone when you are not in a position of authority, as when a mob catches and kills a criminal.
(1) What words refer to justice that is not given by someone in authority?
informal justice, mob justice, lynch
Diplomacy
Use this domain for words related to diplomacy between nations.
(1) What words refer to diplomacy between nations?
diplomacy, diplomatic corps, ambassador, (king's) representative, Secretary of State, treaty, international relations, 
Represent
Use this domain for words related to representing another person.
(1) What words refer to representing someone?
represent, act for, 
(2) What words refer to speaking for a group of people?
speak for, represent, 
(3) What words indicate someone who is representing another person?
as someone's representative, on someone's behalf, on behalf of, for
(4) What words refer to someone who represents another person?
representative, contingent, envoy, delegate, delegation, deputation, mission, mouthpiece, spokesman, 
(5) What words refer to someone who represents their government in a foreign country?
ambassador, ambassador, embassy, diplomat, diplomatic, 
Election
Use this domain for words related to an election.
(1) What words refer to electing a government official?
election, elect, to vote, vote, candidate, campaign
Politics
Use this domain for words related to politics--the activities of politicians and political parties.
(1) What words refer to a political party?
party, Democratic party, Republican party, Communist party, Nazi party, political party, 
(2) What words refer to a member of a political party?
member, card-carrying, Democrat, Republican, Communist, Nazi, Fascist, 
(3) What words refer to a politician?
politician, official, senator, member of parliament, congressman, councilor, deputy, dictator, diplomat, governor, legislator
(4) What words refer to a meeting of a political party?
convention, caucus, 
(5) What words refer to the activity of a political party?
politics, movement, machine, 
Region
Use this domain for words referring to a region--a part of a country, or a part of the earth.
(1) What words refer to a region or a country?
region, land, territory, territorial
(2) What words refer to a particular region of the earth?
Antarctic, arctic, equatorial, tropics
(3) What words refer to a region of a country?
state, province, territory, prefecture, county, district, 
Country
Use this domain for words related to a country.
(1) What words refer to a country?
country, land, nation, territory, kingdom
(2) What words refer to the parts of a country?
state, province, region, territory
(3) What words refer to the border of a country?
border, boundary
(4) What words refer to the flag and other symbols of a country?
flag, standard, seal, coat of arms
(5) What words describe something that has to do with a country?
national
(6) What words describe something that has to do with more than one country?
international
City
Use this domain for words related to a city.
(1) What words refer to a city?
city, town, village, hamlet, burg, community, urban
(2) What words refer to a part of a city?
district, park
Countryside
Use this domain for words related to the countryside--the area away from a city
(1) What words refer to the countryside?
boondocks, boonies, country, countryside, desert, field, outback, outland, outskirts, rural, sticks, upcountry, wasteland, wilderness
(2) What words describe an area that doesn't have many people?
deserted, desolate, lonely, uninhabited, sparsely populated
Community
Use this domain for words related to a community.
(1) What words refer to a community?
community
Law
Use this domain for words related to the law.
(1) What general words refer to the law?
law
(2) What words describe something that agrees or disagrees with the law?
in accordance with, just, lawful, legal, legality
(3) What words refer to enforcing the law?
law enforcement, police, policeman, enforce
(4) What words refer to a lawyer?
lawyer, advocate, barrister, bar
(5) What words refer to administering the law?
adjudicate, judge, administer, justice, jury
(6) What words refer to a person's responsibility to obey the law?
responsible, responsibility, obligation
(7) What words refer to a person's rights under the law?
right
Laws
Use this domain for words referring to a specific law or set of laws.
(1) What words refer to a law?
law, act of law, appointment, bill, command, commandment, constraint, decree, dogma, edict, judgment, legislation, ordinance, prescription, principle, regulation, requirement, rule, ruling, religious law, rubric, standard, statute
(2) What words refer to all the laws of a country?
laws, canon, code of laws, legal code
(3) What words refer to the laws that set up a government?
constitution
Pass laws
Use this domain for words related to passing a law.
(1) What words refer to passing a law?
legislate, enact, enactment, establish, pass, prescribe, propose, sign into law, ratify
(2) What words refer to canceling a law?
annul, strike down, veto
(3) What words refer to telling people about a law?
issue an order, publish a law, proclaim, proclamation
(4) What is the name of the governing body that passes laws?
legislature, legislative branch
(5) Who passes laws?
legislator, congressman, senator, member of parliament (MP), lawgiver, 
Break the law
Use this domain for words related to breaking the law.
(1) What words refer to breaking the law?
commit (a crime), break the law
(2) What words refer to a crime?
crime, misdemeanor, felony, capital offense, treason, illegality, lawbreaking, offense, wrong, wrongdoing, outrage, transgression, trespass, sin, evil
(3) What words refer to a person who breaks the law?
criminal, lawbreaker, underworld, 
(4) What words describe an action that is against the law?
illegal, against the law, criminal, wrong, 
Court of law
Use this domain for words related to a court of law.
(1) What is a court of law called?
court of law, law court, supreme court, superior court, court of appeals, district court, divorce court, juvenile court, appellate court, tribunal, court-martial, kangaroo court
(2) Where is a court held?
courthouse
(3) What are the parts of a courthouse?
courtroom, judge's chambers, jury room
(4) What are the parts of a courtroom?
jury bench, witness stand, witness box, judge's bench, lawyers table, bar, dock
(5) What words refer to the time when the court is in session?
session, the court is now in session
(6) What is a court case called?
trial, case, lawsuit, suit, action, litigation, proceedings, dispute, hearing
Legal personnel
Use this domain for words related to legal personnel.
(1) What words refer to legal personnel?
legal personnel, arbitrator, scribe
(2) What is the staff of a court?
judge, court clerk, court recorder, bailiff
(3) What is a person called who argues a case before a judge?
lawyer, counsel, legal counsel, counselor-at-law, attorney, attorney-at-law, legal adviser, advocate, barrister, solicitor
(4) What is a lawyer called who defends the accused person?
defense attorney, counsel for the defense
(5) What is a lawyer called who tries to convict the accused person?
prosecutor, district attorney, prosecuting attorney, attorney general
Trial
Use this domain for words related to the legal process.
(1) What words refer to the process of administering the law?
legal process, due process of law, lawsuit, jurisdiction, take legal action, jurisprudence, 
Investigate a crime
Use this domain for words referring to investigating a crime, accident, or criminal--to try to learn something about something bad that has happened because you want to know who did it, or to try to learn something about someone because you think they did something bad.
(1) What words refer to investigating a crime or accident?
investigate, look into, inquire, hold an inquiry, conduct an inquiry, make inquiries, go into, probe, delve into, be under investigation, examine, obtain evidence, 
(2) What words refer to investigating someone to know if they have done something wrong?
obtain evidence, poke around, snoop, surprise, try, question, 
(3) What words refer to the process of investigation?
investigation, inquiry, inquest, inquiries, probe, inquisition, post-mortem, autopsy, 
(4) What words refer to knowledge about a crime?
evidence, facts, proof
(5) What words refer to finding out that someone committed a crime?
catch, detect, entrap, catch red-handed, trap, trip up, find out, prove, 
(6) What words refer to a person who investigates a crime?
investigator, private investigator, detective, private detective, inquisitor, private eye
Suspect
Use this domain for words related to suspecting someone--to think that someone might have done something bad.
(1) What words refer to thinking that someone did something bad?
suspect (v), suspicious, suspicion, have a sneaking suspicion, smell a rat, have your suspicions
(2) What words describe something that makes you suspect someone?
suspicious, suspect (adj), fishy, dubious, questionable, 
(3) What words refer to someone who is suspected?
suspect (n), 
(4) What words describe someone who is suspected?
suspected (terrorist), be under suspicion, 
Accuse, confront
Use this domain for words related to accusing someone of doing something bad.
(1) What words refer to accusing someone?
accuse, confront, accost, incriminate, blame, point the finger at, criticize, hold responsible, find fault with, be direct with, don't mince words, tell off, rebuke, reprove, remonstrate, to rebuke, correct, reproof, remonstrance, castigate, cast aspersions, prove, offer proof
(2) What words refer to the person who accuses another person?
plaintiff
(3) What words refer to the person who has been accused of something?
the accused, the defendant
Defend against accusation
Use this domain for words related to defending someone who has been accused of breaking a law.
(1) What words refer to defending someone?
make defense, defend, uphold, protect, fortify, excuse, apologize, plead, make a case for, represent, advocate, argue a case, prove, offer proof
Witness, testify
Use this domain for words related to testifying in a court of law.
(1) What words refer to testifying in a court?
witness, testify, give evidence, tell about, recount, provide information, facts, truth, false witness, perjure, perjury, report, cross-examine, hearsay
(2) What is a person called who gives testimony?
witness
(3) What words refer to a witness lying?
false testimony, perjury
Drop charges
Use this domain for words related to dropping legal charges against someone.
(1) What words refer to dropping legal charges?
drop charges, decide not to press charges
Take oath
Use this domain for words related to taking an oath.
(1) What words refer to taking an oath?
take an oath, swear, solemnly swear, promise, guarantee, invoke a curse, vow, forswear, raise right hand, blood oath, adjure
Vindicate
Use this domain for words referring to vindicating someone--to prove that someone is innocent of an accusation made against them.
(1) What words refer to vindicating someone?
vindicate, exonerate, justify, warrant, exculpate, acquit, clear, set right
Judge, render a verdict
Use this domain for words related to judging someone.
(1) What words are used of the action of judging a person?
to judge, render a verdict, rule on a case
(2) What words refer to the judgment?
judgment, verdict, ruling
Acquit
Use this domain for words related to acquitting a person.
(1) What words are used of the action of acquitting a person?
acquit, declare not guilty, declare innocent, find not guilty, clear, clear name, clear of charges, clear someone's record, prove innocence, set free, release
(2) What words refer to the acquittal?
acquittal
(3) What words refer to the person who is acquitted?
innocent man, innocent party, free man
(4) What words refer to his innocence?
innocence
(5) What words describe someone who is not guilty?
blameless, inculpable, irreproachable, 
Condemn, find guilty
Use this domain for words related to condemning someone.
(1) What words are used of the action of condemning a person?
recover damages, render a guilty verdict, hand down a conviction
judgment, verdict, sentence, conviction, condemnation
(3) What words refer to the person who is condemned?
condemned man, convict, guilty party
(4) What words refer to his guilt?
guilt
Fault
Use this domain for words related to something being someone's fault.
(1) What words refer to who is responsible for something bad?
fault, blame, responsible, be to blame for, be guilty of, be responsible for, guilt, responsibility, guilty, blameless, innocent, 
Punish
Use this domain for words related to punishing someone.
(1) What words refer to punishing someone?
punish, discipline, penalty, consequence, punishment, sentence, 
(2) What things are used to punish someone?
stocks, pillory, 
(3) What words refer to punishing someone by beating them?
flog, beat, lash, scourge, whip, 
(4) What things are used to punish someone by beating them?
belt, cane, lash, paddle, rod, stick, strap, switch, whip
(5) What words refer to torturing someone?
torture, 
(6) What things are used to torture someone?
rack, screw, thumbscrew, 
Reward
Use this domain for words related to rewarding someone.
(1) What words refer to rewarding someone?
reward, recompense
Fine
Use this domain for words referring to a fine--a payment (usually of money) made to a victim or the government for a crime committed against them.
(1) What words refer to fining someone?
fine, fine (n), financial penalty, citation, ticket, cite, confiscate
Imprison
Use this domain for words related to imprisoning someone.
(1) What words refer to the action of putting a person in prison?
put in prison, imprison, to jail, incarcerate, lock up, confine, put in irons, send to prison, commit, put away, captivity, 
(2) What is a person called who is imprisoned?
prisoner, jailbird, captive, felon, convict, inmate, prisoner of war
(3) Where are people imprisoned?
prison, brig, can, concentration camp, correctional institution, death camp, dungeon, house of correction, jail, jailhouse, county jail, joint, pen, penal colony, penitentiary, federal penitentiary, pound, reformatory, slammer, stockade, 
(4) What are the parts of a prison?
cell, cellblock, bars, stocks, death row, solitary confinement, cooler, 
(5) Who are the staff of a prison?
prison warden, prison guard, jailer, keeper, turnkey, warder
(6) What words refer to the action of restraining a prisoner?
restrain, control, to handcuff, tie up, put in chains, to bind, put in the stocks, to gag
(7) What means are used to restrain prisoners?
restraints, handcuffs, chains, bonds, stocks, gag
(8) What words are used of escaping from prison?
escape, break out of jail, jailbreak, escapee, escaped prisoner, be on the run
(9) What words refer to the process of serving a sentence?
serve your sentence
(10) What words refer to the process of completing a sentence?
complete your sentence, serve out the sentence, fulfill your sentence
(11) What words refer to the action of releasing a person from prison?
release, let go, let out of prison, set free
Execute
Use this domain for words related to executing someone for a crime.
(1) What words refer to executing someone for a crime?
execute, behead, hang, crucify, burn at the stake, impale, execution, 
(2) What words refer to someone who executes a criminal?
executioner, firing squad, hangman, 
(3) What things are used to execute someone?
gas chamber, electric chair, gallows, gibbet, guillotine, lethal injection, noose, scaffold, cross, stake, sword, 
Ostracize
Use this domain for words referring to ostracizing someone--excluding someone from society as punishment for some wrong.
(1) What words refer to ostracizing someone?
ostracize, exile, marginalize, shun, cast out, exclude
(2) What words refer to a person who has been ostracized?
outcast, pariah
Pardon, release
Use this domain for words related to pardoning someone who has been found guilty of a crime.
(1) What words are used of not punishing someone who has been found guilty?
pardon, grant a pardon, have mercy on, release, commute sentence, reduce sentence, let out, let off
Atone, restitution
Use this domain for words referring to atoning for a past sin--doing something to make up for something bad you did, or giving something to pay for  something bad you did.
(1) What words refer to atoning for a sin?
atone, expiate, make up for, make amends, compensate, repay, pay for, pay your debt to society, 
(2) What words refer to something a person does to atone for a sin?
penance, amends, 
(3) What words refer to something a person gives to atone for a sin?
restitution, compensation, damages, reparations, indemnity, 
(4) What words refer to the act of atoning for a sin?
atonement, expiation, reparation, redress, 
Legal contract
Use this domain for words related to a legal contract.
(1) What words refer to a legal contract?
contract, memorandum of agreement, treaty, peace accord, charter, constitution, compact, pact, will, testament, covenant, notarize
Covenant
Use this domain for words related to a covenant between two people or groups of people.
(1) What words refer to a covenant?
covenant, testament, deal, agreement, bond, commitment, to trust
Break a contract
Use this domain for words related to breaking a contract.
(1) What words refer to breaking a contract?
break a contract, nullify
Justice
Use this domain for words related to justice.
(1) What words refer to justice?
justice, fairness
Impartial
Use this domain for words related to being impartial.
(1) What words describe a person who treats other people equally?
be impartial, fair, consistent, equal treatment, impartial, impartiality, 
Unfair
Use this domain for words related to being unfair.
(1) What words refer to whether someone deserves something?
unfair, unjust, wrongful, 
(2) What words describe something that someone does not deserve?
undeserved, inappropriate, unwarranted, unearned, 
Deserve
Use this domain for words related to deserving something--if you do something, either good or bad, something can happen to you as a result of what you did. For instance you can receive a reward for doing good, or a punishment for doing wrong. If what happened to you is like what you did, people can think it is right that this thing happened to you.
(1) What words refer to deserving what you receive?
deserve, merit, be owed, be yours by right, have earned, 
(2) What words indicate that someone deserves the problems they are having?
deserve, had it coming, get what you deserve, serve someone right, get your just deserts, get what was coming to you, your punishment fits the crime, 
(3) What words describe something that someone deserves?
well-deserved, well-earned, fitting, appropriate, 
Discriminate, be unfair
Use this domain for words related to being unfair to someone.
(1) What words refer to being unfair to someone?
discriminate, be unfair, biased, prejudiced
(2) What words refer to the act or practice of being unfair?
unfairness, discrimination, bias, prejudice
(3) What words refer to one person causing another to be unfair?
bias someone against, prejudice someone against
Act harshly
Use this domain for words related to acting harshly.
(1) What words refer to acting harshly?
act harshly, abrasive, abrupt, acrid, acrimonious, brute, bully, caustic, cruel, cruelty, demanding, exacting, forceful, grate, grim, hard, harsh, martial law, pugnacious, rigid, rough, severe, sharp, stern, stiff, stinging, strict, stringent, tough, unfavorable, unfeeling, ungentle, violent
Oppress
Use this domain for words related to oppressing someone or a particular group of people--when a person uses his power or authority to harm others who are innocent.
(1) What words refer to oppressing someone?
oppress, bully, harass, hound, persecute, repress, tyrannize, 
(2) What words refer to the act or practice of oppressing people?
oppression, harassment, persecution, tyranny
(3) What words refer to a person who oppresses?
oppressor, persecutor, bully, slave driver, tyrant, dictator
(4) What words describe a person who is oppressed?
oppressed, persecuted, tyrannized
(5) What words describe a person who oppresses?
oppressive, tyrannical, cruel
Conflict
Use this domain for general words referring to conflict between people, including quarreling, fighting, and war. The words in this domain should be very general, rather than referring to specific kinds of conflict.
(1) What general words refer to conflict between people?
conflict, strife, 
Hostility
The words in this domain describe a situation in which people disagree about something so strongly that they might start fighting. But these words imply that they have not started fighting yet.
(1) What words refer to hostility between people?
conflict, antagonism, discord, disharmony, friction, hostility, ill feeling, rivalry, strife, tension, sit on a powder key, cold war, phony war, 
(2) What words describe someone who is hostile?
hostile, aggressive, combative, contentious, discordant, 
Oppose
Use this domain for words referring to opposing something that you think is wrong.
(1) What words refer to opposing something?
oppose, be opposed to, be against, anti-
(2) What words refer to something someone does to show he is opposed to something?
objection, opposition, hostility, antagonism, 
(3) What words refer to saying that you are opposed to something?
object to, voice opposition to, express opposition to, raise objections, 
(4) What words refer to someone who opposes something?
opponent, the opposition, enemy, foe, 
(5) What words describe someone who opposes something?
opposing, hostile, antagonistic, opposing, 
Fight
Use this domain for words referring to fighting someone. The words in this domain describe a situation in which two people or groups of people fight each other over something or in order to reach some goal. A fight can use words, various kinds of weapons, or other actions. For fights that only use words use the domain
'Quarrel'.
(1) What words refer to enemies fighting?
fight, have a fight, get into a fight, fighting, battle, brawl, bully, clash, come to blows, confront, duel, engage (the enemy), face (an enemy), feud, jostle, joust, oppose, scuffle, set-to, spar, skirmish, squabble, strive, struggle, tussle, war, wrestle, be in the fray, go on the warpath, 
(2) What words refer to a fight?
affray, altercation, battle (n), bout, combat, conflict, contest, crisis, duel (n), feud (n), gunfight, row, shootout, showdown, skirmish, spat, squabble, strife, struggle (n), tiff, war (n), 
(3) What words refer to a fight between a few people?
fight (n), brawl (n), fracas, fray, free-for-all, melee, scrap, scuffle (n), 
(4) What words refer to a fight between many people?
fighting, battle, clash (n), confrontation, 
(5) What words refer to a fight that neither side can win?
stalemate, standoff, 
(6) What words refer to someone causing a fight?
arouse, challenge, embroil, fan the flames, goad, incite, instigate, provoke, rally, rouse, spur, stir up, 
(7) What words refer to someone who is fighting?
fighter, hooligan, 
Fight for something good
Use this domain for words referring to fighting for something good.
(1) What words refer to fighting for something good?
fight for, work for, campaign, champion, be a champion of, 
(2) What words refer to the process of fighting for something good?
fight (n) for, struggle for, battle, campaign for, crusade for, drive
Fight against something bad
Use this domain for words referring to fighting against something bad.
(1) What words refer to fighting against something bad?
fight, fight against, put up a fight, combat, wage war on, campaign, launch a campaign, 
(2) What words refer to fighting against someone who is trying to do something bad?
fight, fight against, fight back, put up a fight, resist, resistance, put up a resistance, meet with resistance, stand up to, make a stand, take a stand, hold out against, hold your ground, not be moved, be unyielding, not give in, defend your ground, oppose, opposing, opposition, react, withstand
(3) What words refer to the process of fighting against something bad?
fight (n) against, struggle against, battle against, campaign against, crusade against, 
Attack
Use this domain for words referring to attacking someone--to begin fighting someone.
(1) What words refer to attacking someone?
attack, lead an attack, the attack fell on, assault, assail, charge, come at, drive, force your way, go for, lay into, make a run on, rush, sail into, set upon, strike, confront, penetrate defenses, be on the offense
(2) What words refer to attacking in war?
attack, invade, storm, raid, besiege, bombard, 
(3) What words refer to surrounding an enemy?
surround, encircle, envelope, encirclement, encircling movement, envelopment, 
(4) What words refer to an attack?
attack (n), assault, charge (n), onrush, rush (n), strike (n), 
(5) What words refer to an attack in war?
attack (n), assault (n), foray, invasion, incursion, strike (n), push, raid (n), offense, offensive, onset, onslaught, aggression, ambush (n), sally, siege, sortie,  penetration, 
(6) What words refer to a person or group that attacks?
attacker, attacking force, aggressor, assailant, invader, invasion force, 
(7) What words refer to the person or place that is attacked?
victim, target, be under attack
(8) What words describe a person or place that is easy to attack?
vulnerable, sitting duck, be an easy target, open to attack
(9) What words refer to starting to fight?
launch an attack, mount an attack, start a fight, pick a fight, be spoiling for a fight, looking for a fight, challenge (someone to fight), 
(10) What words describe an attack that was not caused by an earlier action?
unprovoked, 
(11) What words refer to attacking someone who has attacked you?
counter-attack, hit back, retaliate, strike back, 
Ambush
Use this domain for words related to ambushing someone--to attacking someone without warning.
(1) What words refer to ambushing someone?
ambush, ambuscade, bushwhack, jump, lie in wait for, mug, pounce, strike, turn on, waylay, 
(2) What words refer to an ambush?
ambush (n), mugging, strike (n), sneak attack, surprise attack, 
(3) What words refer to a person who ambushes someone?
ambusher, bushwhacker, 
Defend
Use this domain for words related to defending someone from attack.
(1) What words refer to defending yourself from attack?
defend, fight back, hit back at, put up a fight, struggle against, resist, self-defense, 
(2) What words refer to defending someone from attack?
defend, come to someone's defense, in defense of, in someone's defense, guard, protect, safeguard, shield, stand up for, stick up for, 
(3) What words refer to successfully defending yourself or someone?
beat back, beat off, drive off, hold out against, fend off, fight off, fling back, repel, repulse, 
(4) What words refer to defense?
defense, resistance, 
(5) What words refer to a person who defends?
defender, guard, sentinel, lookout, watchman
(6) What words describe someone who cannot defend himself?
defenseless
(7) What words describe something you do or use to defend yourself?
defensive, protective, 
(8) What words refer to a place easier to defend?
fortify, entrench, dig in, 
Revenge
Use this domain for words related to revenge--to do something bad to someone because they did something bad to you.
(1) What words refer to getting revenge?
revenge, get revenge, take revenge, in revenge, avenge, get back at, get even with, pay back, repay, requite, retaliate, in retaliation, retribution, wreak vengeance, I'll get you for this, be out to get, 
(2) What words refer to revenge?
revenge, reprisal, requital, retaliation, retribution, tit-for-tat, vendetta, vengeance, 
(3) What words refer to a person who gets revenge?
avenger, nemesis, 
(4) What words describe someone who wants to get revenge?
vengeful, vindictive, 
(5) What words refer to a situation in which both people have done something bad to each other?
be even, be quits, 
(6) What words describe something done in revenge?
retributive, 
Riot
Use this domain for words related to a riot--when lots of people are fighting and breaking the law.
(1) What words refer to rioting?
riot (v), loot, disturb the peace, go on a frenzy, go on a rampage, be in an uproar, run amuck, 
(2) What words refer to a riot?
riot (n), civil disobedience, civil disturbance, clash, commotion, confrontation, disorder, disorderly conduct, disturbance, frenzy, furor, melee, outbreak, rampage, tumult, turbulence, turmoil, unrest, upheaval, uproar
(3) What words refer to people who are rioting?
rioter, mob, rabble, 
(4) What words describe people who are rioting?
frenetic, wild, 
(5) What words describe a situation or actions when people are rioting?
riotous, convulsive, disorderly, tumultuous, turbulent, 
Betray
Use this domain for words related to betraying someone.
(1) What words refer to betraying someone to his enemies?
betray, double-cross, stab in the back, sell out, sell someone down the river, 
(2) What words refer to handing someone over to his enemies?
hand over, deliver, 
(3) What words refer to telling secrets to an enemy?
blab, inform on, rat on, snitch, squeal, tattle, 
(4) What words refer to betraying your country?
betray, turn traitor, collaborate, treason, 
(5) What words refer to the action of betraying someone?
betrayal, sell-out, treachery, treason, 
(6) What words describe something someone does when betraying someone?
treasonous (action), subversive (activity)
(7) What words refer to a person who betrays someone?
betrayer, collaborator, informant, informer, Judas, rat, renegade, saboteur, snitch, squealer, subversive, tattle-tale, traitor
(8) What words describe someone who betrays someone?
treacherous, 
Violent
Use this domain for words related to being violent--a word describing someone who is likely to attack and injure or kill people.
(1) What words describe someone who is violent?
violent, brutal, aggressive, vicious, savage, barbarous, bloodthirsty, barbaric
(2) What words describe an animal that is violent?
fierce, vicious, savage, ferocious, 
(3) What words describe something someone does that is violent?
violent, violently, vicious, brutal, savage, ferocious, rough, bloody, forcible, stormy, barbarous, 
(4) What words describe a story that is about people doing violent things?
violent, gory, 
(5) What words refer to a person who is violent?
thug, brute, hooligan, hoodlum, animal, psychopath, lout, 
(6) What words refer to violent behavior?
violence, aggression, brutality, savagery, ferocity, fierceness, force, fury, barbarity, 
(7) What words describe someone who is not violent?
peaceful, non-violent
Enemy
Use this domain for words related to an enemy--someone you are fighting against.
(1) What words refer to an enemy?
enemy, the enemy, foe, adversary, hostile, opponent
(2) What words refer to a group you are fighting against?
opposition, the other side, 
(3) What words describe something belonging to the enemy?
enemy (troops/action/tanks), hostile (forces/territory)
War
Use this domain for words related to war--fighting between countries.
(1) What words refer to war?
war, warfare, fighting, civil war, conflict, armed conflict, 
(2) What words refer to fighting a war?
fight a war, wage war, be at war, declare war, make war, go on the warpath, fight, clash, 
(3) What words refer to a time when armies fight?
war, battle, campaign, engagement, fight, contest, clash, skirmish
(4) What words refer to the place where a war is fought?
battlefield, field of battle, theater of war, scene of the battle, front, front lines, flank, rear, war zone, 
(5) What words refer to strategy in war?
strategy, tactics, hunker down, keep up the pressure, overwhelm, concentrate your forces, form a line, hold the line, break the line, reform, rally, morale, maintain morale, military discipline, supply, supply lines, control the battle, battlefield control, reconnaissance, reconnoiter, intelligence, propaganda, 
(6) What words refer to an army moving?
deploy, maneuver, outmaneuver, flank, outflank, advance, charge, overrun, retreat, withdraw
(7) What words refer to a person who fights on your side?
ally
(8) What words refer to a person who wants to fight a war?
warmonger, militarist, hawk, 
(9) What words describe a person or country that wants to fight a war?
warlike, 
(10) What words describe countries that are at war?
warring
(11) What words refer to someone who is hurt or killed in a war?
casualty, missing in action, 
Defeat
Use this domain for words related to defeating someone.
(1) What words refer to defeating an army or enemy in war?
defeat, annihilate, beat, conquer, crush, humble, kayo, lick, master, nip, outmaneuver, overcome, overpower, overwhelm, prevail over, rebuff, reduce, rout, seize, subdue, subject, subjugate, thrash, trample, tread, triumph, vanquish, whip, bring someone to his knees, scatter, gain ground, give someone a beating, 
(2) What words refer to defeating someone in a game or other competition?
beat, defeat, outplay, be more than match for, 
(3) What words refer to defeating someone easily?
rout, thrash, skunk, smash, slaughter, clobber, hammer, lick, trounce, 
(4) What words describe a complete victory?
crushing, overwhelmingly, 
(5) What words refer to defeating someone by using your intelligence?
outwit, outsmart, be too clever for
(6) What words refer to the defeat of an enemy?
defeat (n), rout, beating, conquest, discomfiture, drubbing, subjection, triumph, victory, 
(7) What words refer to the person who defeats the enemy?
conqueror, vanquisher, victor, 
(8) What words describe the person who defeats the enemy?
conquering, victorious, 
Win
Use this domain for words related to winning a victory.
(1) What words refer to winning a fight or war?
win a fight, win a victory, gain the victory, be victorious, come out on top, prevail, win the day, carry the day, emerge victorious
(2) What words refer to winning a game or other competition?
win, come first, come in first, finish first, get in, first place
(3) What words refer to winning easily?
win easily, win hands down, sweep to victory, romp home, sweep the board
(4) What words refer to almost losing?
win by a narrow margin, scrape home, scrape by, squeak by, be a close-run thing
(5) What words refer to a victory?
victory, win, triumph, success, conquest
(6) What words refer to an easy victory?
easy win, walkover, landslide, 
(7) What words refer to a difficult victory?
narrow victory, close call, hard won, 
(8) What words refer to the person or group that wins?
winner, winning side, victor, champion, victorious army, champ, 
(9) What words refer to something that you win?
prize, winnings, jackpot, trophy, cup, 
(10) What words refer to a situation during a fight or game when it looks like you will win?
be winning, lead, be ahead, be in the lead, be out in front, 
(11) What words refer to the person or group that people think will win?
frontrunner, strong contender, be the favorite, be in the running, 
Lose a fight
Use this domain for words related to losing a fight.
(1) What words refer to the process of losing a fight?
lose a fight, lose a war, be defeated, suffer defeat, be beaten, meet your match, get the worst of it, come off the worst, take a beating, go down, fall, fall victim to, 
(2) What words refer to the defeat?
defeat, loss, fall, 
(3) What words refer to the person or group that loses?
loser, losing side, defeated army
Surrender
Use this domain for words related to surrendering to an enemy.
(1) What words refer to surrendering to an enemy?
surrender, sue for peace, armistice, concede defeat, accept defeat, admit defeat, give up, give in, yield, call it quits, unconditional surrender, lay down arms, turn yourself in, 
Prisoner of war
Use this domain for words related to a prisoner of war.
(1) What words refer to a prisoner of war?
prisoner of war, captive
(2) What words refer to captivity?
captivity, 
(3) What words refer to a person captured in war?
captive, prisoner of war
(4) What words refer to being captured?
capture, take captive, captured, 
Military organization
Use this domain for words related to military organizations.
(1) What words refer to all of the soldiers of a country?
the military, the armed forces, 
(2) What words refer to a military organization?
military organization, branch of the military, the services, 
(3) What words refer to a group of soldiers?
troops, force, unit, 
(4) What types of military units are there?
battery, cavalry, cohort, detachment, detail, guard, host, legion, palace guard, 
(5) What words describe something belonging to the military?
military, 
Army
Use this domain for words related to the army.
(1) What words refer to the army?
the army, 
(2) What words refer to a group of soldiers in the army?
army, band, 
(3) What types of army units are there?
squad, platoon, company, battalion, regiment, brigade, division, corps, army, army group, 
(4) What words describe something belonging to the army?
army, 
Navy
Use this domain for words related to the navy.
(1) What words refer to the navy?
the navy, naval forces, 
(2) What words refer to soldiers assigned to the navy?
sailor, marine, the marines, navy flyer, 
(3) What types of naval units are there?
detachment, squadron, task force, fleet, flotilla, 
(4) What words describe something belonging to the navy?
naval, 
Air force
Use this domain for words related to the air force.
(1) What words refer to the air force?
the air force, 
(2) What types of air force units are there?
flight, squadron, air fleet, formation, 
(3) What words describe something belonging to the air force?
air, 
(4) What words refer to a soldier in the air force?
airman, pilot, wingman, 
Soldier
Use this domain for words related to a soldier.
(1) What words refer to a soldier?
soldier, combatant, warrior, volunteer, conscript, 
(2) What are the military ranks?
rank, enlisted man, noncommissioned officer, commissioned officer, officer, commanding officer, commander, commandant, rank and file, 
(3) What are the military ranks in the army?
infantryman, private, buck private, corporal, sergeant, warrant officer, lieutenant, captain, major, colonel, general, field marshal, 
(4) What are the military ranks in the navy?
sailor, marine, seaman, ensign, petty officer, mate, captain, admiral, 
(5) What are the military ranks in the air force?
airman, 
(6) What kinds of special soldiers are there?
military police, cavalryman, horseman, spearman, legionnaire, centurion, 
(7) What words refer to a person who is not a soldier?
civilian, non-combatant, 
Spy
Use this domain for words related to a spy.
(1) What do spies do?
spy, spy on, spy for, conduct espionage, conduct covert operations, collect information, gather intelligence, betray secrets
(2) What words refer to the activity of spying?
espionage, counter espionage, covert operations, intelligence gathering
(3) What is a person called who spies?
spy, agent, double agent, informant, informer, source
(4) What is a group of spies called?
spy ring, intelligence agency, intelligence community
Fort
Use this domain for words related to a fort.
(1) What words refer to a fort?
fort, fortress, base, castle, bunker, post, 
(2) What words refer to a place that is made into a fort for a short time?
fortification, fortified position, prepared position, camp, 
(3) What words refer to a hole dug in the ground to protect soldiers?
foxhole, trench, 
(4) What words refer to the parts of a fort?
tower, barracks, dungeon, keep, moat, gatehouse, turret, blockhouse, 
(5) What words refer to a wall around a fort?
wall, palisade, rampart, 
(6) What words refer to things place around a fort to keep enemies away?
barbed wire, obstacles, mine, 
(7) What words refer to making a fort?
fortify, entrench, strengthen, dig in, 
Weapon, shoot
Use this domain for words related to a weapon and using a weapon.
(1) What general words refer to a weapon?
weapon, weaponry, arms, armament, munitions, ordnance, 
(2) What words refer to a group of weapons?
armory, arsenal, battery
(3) What types of guns are there?
gun, firearm, rifle, pistol, revolver, repeater, shotgun, six-gun, six-shooter, smoothbore, machinegun, 
(4) What are the parts of a gun?
holster, trigger, muzzle, chamber, barrel, stock, bolt, bayonet, bore, breech, bullet, butt, hammer, musket, safety, sight, 
(5) What types of bows are there?
bow, arrow, crossbow, longbow
(6) What are the parts of a bow?
quiver, string, arrowhead, shaft, feather
(7) What types of swords are there?
sword, knife, bayonet, dagger, bolo, machete, rapier, saber, scimitar, stiletto, 
(8) What are the parts of a sword?
hilt, blade, guard
(9) What types of spears are there?
spear, dart, javelin, pike, 
(10) What are the parts of a spear?
shaft, tip
(11) What types of axes and clubs are there?
ax, axe, blackjack, club, halberd, hatchet, mace, tomahawk, truncheon, 
(12) What types of artillery are there?
artillery, cannon, bazooka, catapult, howitzer, mortar, 
(13) What types of bombs are there?
bomb, grenade, mine, missile, rocket, atomic bomb, hydrogen bomb
(14) What are the parts of a bomb?
warhead, fuse, fin
(15) What words refer to things shot from weapons?
ammunition, bullet, projectile, shot, shell, cartridge, clip, pellet
(16) What other types of weapons are there?
blowgun, ram, sling, slingshot, whip
(17) What words refer to using a weapon?
archery, draw a pistol, draw a sword, draw a bow, fit an arrow, raise a gun, aim, load, stab, hurl a spear, swing an ax, drop a bomb, stick a knife into someone, bludgeon, whip (v)
(18) What words refer to shooting a weapon?
shoot (a gun), shoot at someone, shot, shell, fire, launch, aim, volley, 
(19) What types of armor are there?
armor, shield, helmet, breastplate, greaves, buckler, corselet, mail, panoply, plate, plating, bullet proof vest, visor, 
(20) What words describe weapons?
defensive, offensive, protective, deadly, weapon of mass destruction, conventional
Plunder
Use this domain for words related to plundering--stealing something from an enemy during a war.
(1) What words refer to plundering?
plunder, loot, despoil, pillage, sack, ransack, strip, rifle, forage, maraud, raid, piracy
(2) What words refer to someone who plunders?
plunderer, looter, forager, marauder, raider, pirate
(3) What words refer to plunder?
plunder, booty, loot, spoils
Peace
Use this domain for words related to peace--when people or countries are not fighting.
(1) What words refer to being at peace?
peace, peacetime, be at peace with, peaceful,
(2) What words refer to the state of peace or the lack of fighting between people?
concord, social harmony
(3) What words describe the state of peace?
peaceful, harmonious
(4) What words refer to becoming peaceful?
become peaceful, pacify, pacification
(5) What words refer to keeping the peace?
keep the peace, peacekeeping force
Rebuke
Use this domain for words related to rebuking someone--to tell someone that he has done something wrong.
(1) What words refer to someone telling another that he has done wrong?
rebuke, chew out, reprimand, scold, reprove, excoriate, censor, verbal abuse, yell at, lecture, call on the carpet, lay out, tell off
Make an appeal
Use this domain for words related to making an appeal.
(1) What words refer to one person asking another to do what is good?
make an appeal, appeal to, entreat
(2) What words refer to someone urging another to do what is good?
exhort, encourage, encouragement
Appease
Use this domain for words related to appeasing someone.
(1) What words refer to someone giving something to another to cause him to do something?
bribe, appease, pacify, give in to demands
(2) What words refer to this act or practice?
bribery, appeasement, pacification
(3) What words refer to the gift?
bribe
Negotiate
Use this domain for words related to negotiating with someone.
(1) What words refer to two people trying to reach an agreement?
negotiate, try to reach an agreement, discuss terms
(2) What words refer to the process two people trying to reach an agreement?
negotiation, discussion
Renounce claim, concede
Use this domain for words related to renouncing a claim.
(1) What words refer to renouncing a claim?
renounce claim, concede, relinquish, cede, no contest, concession, disclaim, disclaimer
Repent
Use this domain for words related to repenting.
(1) What words indicate that a person recognizes he has done wrong?
feel convicted, recognize your sin, realize one has done wrong, regret
(2) What words indicate that a person has decided to change his behavior?
repent, have a change of heart, reverse your behavior, reform, go straight
(3) What words refer to a decision to change?
repentance, reformation, reversal, change of heart
(4) What words refer to an admission of wrong?
admit wrong, confess, acknowledge wrong, take something back (that you said), 
(5) What words refer to a request for forgiveness?
apologize, apology, apologetic, ask forgiveness
(6) What words refer to an effort to make up for doing wrong?
make amends, make up for, set things right, make restitution, pay back what was taken, return stolen goods
(7) What do people say when they ask for forgiveness?
Sorry! Excuse me. I'm sorry. Forgive me.
Request forgiveness
Use this domain for words related to asking for forgiveness.
(1) What words refer to requesting forgiveness?
ask forgiveness, sue for peace, seek pardon, beg for mercy
Forgive
Use this domain for words related to forgiving someone.
(1) What words refer to forgiving someone?
forgive, pardon, release, restore to favor, clear your record, have mercy on, wipe the slate clean, reassure, accept, accept an apology, overlook a wrong, cancel a debt
Make peace
Use this domain for words related to making peace--to try to prevent or end a war.
(1) What words refer to trying to prevent or end a war?
keep the peace, peace-keeping, mediate between, 
(2) What words refer to ending a war with your enemies?
settle dispute, end hostilities, restore harmony, pacify
Stop fighting
Use this domain for words related to stopping fighting.
(1) What words refer to stopping fighting?
stop fighting, cease hostilities, end adversity, make peace, make amends, apologize, apology, reconcile, reconciliation, make up, disengage, settle, peace offering, pacify, appease, quell, tranquilize, neutralize, harmonize, harmonious
(2) What words refer to talking about stopping fighting?
negotiate, negotiations, entreat, 
(3) What words refer to an agreement to stop fighting?
ceasefire, truce, armistice, peace treaty, 
Reconcile
Use this domain for words related to reconciling with someone.
(1) What words refer to enemies becoming reconciled?
make amends, reconcile, ameliorate, restore, make up, make peace, pacify
Religion
Use this domain for general words referring to religion and the supernatural.
(1) What words refer to the system of belief and practice related to God?
religion, religious system, faith
(2) What words refer to what is beyond our senses or ability?
supernatural, magic, miracle, miraculous, paranormal
(3) What words describe something having to do with religion?
religious, sacred, spiritual
(4) What words refer to those areas of life outside of religion?
secular, profane
(5) What words refer to the world of gods and spirits?
spirit world, spiritual realm, the supernatural, the unseen
God
Use this domain for words related to God--the supreme being in the universe. Each theological system will have different beliefs concerning the existence and nature of God. Our purpose here is to collect and define the terms used to refer to the supreme deity. If there is no such person in the theological system, then use this domain for other terms for the pantheon of gods, ultimate reality, nirvana, and similar concepts. However most theological systems, even atheism, have the concept of a supreme God and use words to refer to him.
(1) What words refer to the supreme being in the universe?
God, the Lord, Yahweh, Elohim, Allah, Theos, Deus, Sky God, supreme being, supreme deity
(2) What words refer to what people believe about God?
theology, monotheism, polytheism, pantheism, atheism
(3) What words describe something to do with God?
divine, 
Supernatural being
Use this domain for words referring to supernatural beings--gods, spirits, other types of beings, which normally cannot be seen and do not belong to this world. Some people accept the existence of certain supernatural beings and not others. Mythological beings are those that were believed in during previous times but that are no longer believed in. Fictional beings are those that no one has ever believed in. An indication of whether most people believe in the supernatural being should be put in the definition.
(1) What general words refer to supernatural beings?
supernatural being, spirit
(2) What words refer to lesser gods?
god, goddess, the gods, pantheon, deity, 
(3) What types of good supernatural beings are there?
angel, angelic being, cherub, seraph, saint
(4) What types of evil supernatural beings are there?
demon, devil, Satan, the Devil, Beelzebub
(5) What words refer to the spirit of a dead person?
spirit, ghost, specter, apparition, phantom, shade, ghoul
(6) What words refer to supernatural beings that are considered to be mythological or fictional and not real?
Santa Claus, elf, fairy, giant, dwarf, sprite, genie, dragon, monster, Cyclops, vampire, alien
(7) What words describe something like or related to a supernatural being?
divine, angelic, demonic, Satanic, devilish, diabolical, ghost like, ghoulish, monstrous, alien, 
Theology
Use this domain for words related to theology--the study of God and what people believe about God.
(1) What words refer to the study of God and religion?
theology, 
(2) What words refer to something you believe about God?
doctrine, tenet, dogma, belief, 
(3) What words refer to disagreement over doctrine?
heterodoxy, sect, denomination, dissent
(4) What words refer to foolish or ignorant beliefs about religion?
superstition
Sacred writings
Use this domain for words related to sacred writings. Examples are only given for the Christian sacred writings. However you should include words referring to the holy books of all religions .
(1) What words refer to sacred writings?
sacred writings, Scripture, Bible, the Good Book, Gospel
(2) What words refer to a part of the sacred writings?
chapter, verse, text, Old/New Testament, Law, Prophets, Gospels, Epistles, Apocalypse
(3) What words refer to God's role in producing sacred writings?
inspire, inspiration, revelation
(4) What words describe the sacred writings or a text from the sacred writings?
inspired, holy, scriptural, biblical, sacred, prophetic, apostolic
(5) What words describe whether or not a book should be considered a part of the sacred writings?
canon, canonical, apocryphal
(6) What words refer to a book that is revered but not considered part of the sacred writings?
Apocrypha
(7) What words refer to the interpretation of sacred writings?
interpretation, exegesis
(8) What words refer to a book that interprets the sacred writings?
commentary
Miracle, supernatural power
Use this domain for words related to miracles--the use of supernatural power to do something good.
(1) What words refer to supernatural power?
supernatural power, miraculous power, might, force, omnipotence, almighty, all-powerful, 
(2) What words refer to performing a miracle?
perform a miracle, produce a miracle, do a miracle
(3) What words refer to the event of a miracle?
miracle, miraculous event, sign, wonder, magic
(4) What words describe a miracle?
miraculous, 
(5) What words refer to a person who can perform miracles?
miracle worker, prophet
Sorcery
Use this domain for words related to sorcery--the use of supernatural power to do something bad.
(1) What words refer to doing something using sorcery?
practice sorcery, do magic, work magic, cast a spell, put a spell on, put a curse on, bewitch, conjure, invoke, enchant, bedevil, entrance (v), mesmerize, wave a wand, jinx, 
(2) What words refer to the practice of sorcery?
sorcery, magic (n), witchcraft, black magic, voodoo, voodooism, witchery, wizardry, occult, necromancy, 
(3) What words refer to something that someone does using sorcery?
spell, curse, hex, enchantment, charm, incantation, 
(4) What is a person called who practices sorcery?
sorcerer, magician, witch, wizard, shaman, witchdoctor, conjuror, necromancer, warlock, charmer, medicine man, alchemist, medium, 
(5) What words describe someone or something that can do magic?
have magical powers, magic (adj), magical, supernatural, occult, mystic, weird, 
(6) What words describe someone who has been bewitched?
charmed, bewitched, spellbound, haunted, 
(7) What words refer to protecting someone from sorcery?
ward off, 
(8) What things are used when performing sorcery?
charm, amulet, evil eye, talisman, fetish, wand, rod, divining rod, magic ring, philosopher's stone, magic carpet, cauldron, 
(9) What words are used when performing sorcery?
abracadabra, open sesame, 
(10) What words refer to malevolent supernatural power?
malevolent power, evil force, Satanic force, demonic power, black magic
Demon possession
Use this domain for words referring to demon possession--when a demon or spirit influences or controls the behavior of a person. Use this domain for all words related to the relationship between spirits and people, including communication between people and spirits. Also use this domain for words referring to casting out demons--causing a demon to stop influencing or controlling a person.
(1) What words refer to being influenced or controlled by a demon?
be possessed, be demonized, go into a trance, 
(2) What words refer to what demons do to people?
possess, inhabit, demonize, torture, haunt, trouble
(3) What words refer to casting out a demon?
cast out a demon, exorcise, drive out, expel, deliver/free/release from demonic power/influence
(4) What words refer to a person who casts out demons?
Bless
Use this domain for words related to blessing someone--saying something that causes something good to happen, or requests God to do something good to someone.
(1) What words refer to blessing someone?
bless, pronounce a blessing, give a blessing, bestow a blessing, invoke, 
(2) What words refer to what is said in blessing?
blessing, benediction, 
Curse
Use this domain for words related to cursing someone.
(1) What words refer to cursing someone?
curse, put/place a curse on, be under a curse, be cursed
(2) What words refer to the curse place on someone?
curse, anathema, 
Destiny
Use this domain for words related to destiny--decisions and actions by God, spirits, or by impersonal forces that determine or influence what happens to a person.
(1) What words refer to the decisions God makes concerning what happens to a person?
God's will, providence
(2) What words refer to an impersonal force that determines what happens to a person?
destiny, fate, fortune, luck, chance, throw of the dice
(3) What words refer to something to which a person or thing is destined?
destiny, fate
Prophecy
Use this domain for words referring to speaking for God, including foretelling the future through divine knowledge.
(1) What words refer to being able to speak for God or deliver a message from God?
prophesy, foretell the future, predict the future
prophecy, prediction, prophetic utterance
(3) What is a person called who speaks for God or foretells the future?
prophet, prophetess
(4) What words describe something said in prophecy?
prophetic
Omen, divination
Use this domain for words related to supernatural knowledge.
(1) What words refer to supernatural knowledge?
supernatural knowledge, foreknowledge, supernatural insight, ability to interpret dreams, 
(2) What words refer to being able to divine secrets?
divine, read the signs, foretell the future
(3) What words refer to the practice of divining secrets?
divination, palmistry, fortune telling, astrology
(4) What is a person called who can divine secrets?
diviner, fortuneteller, astrologer
(5) What words describe someone who can divine secrets?
clairvoyant, 
(6) What words refer to something showing what will happen in the future?
augur, betoken, bode, forebode, foreshadow, foretell, foretoken, ominous, portend, prefigure, presage, 
(7) What words refer to something that shows or tells a secret?
omen, sign, harbinger, portent, presage, foreshadowing, message from the beyond
(8) What methods are used to divine secrets?
interpret dreams, read palms, read tea leaves, read cards, read the stars, consult your horoscope, look into a crystal ball, play with a Ouija board, examine the entrails of an animal
Practice religion
Use this domain for words related to practicing religion.
(1) What words refer to practicing religion?
practice your religion, serve God
Devout
Use this domain for words related to being devout.
(1) What words describe someone who practices his religion with devotion?
devout, devoted, devotion, committed, pious, religious, zealous, saintly, holy
(2) What words describe someone who is not devout?
uncommitted, nominal, lukewarm
Pray
Use this domain for words related to praying--talking to God.
(1) What words refer to praying to God?
pray, talk to God, beseech
(2) What words refer to prayer?
prayer, supplication, intercession, petition, thanksgiving, grace, benediction
(3) What actions or postures symbolize prayer?
bow your head, kneel, fold your hands
Worship
Use this domain for personal expressions of devotion to God, in whatever ways the religion defines and expresses it.
(1) What words refer to relating to God or to the spirits?
(2) What words refer to acts of worship toward God?
worship, adore, revere, reverence, lift up your heart, pay homage
(3) What words refer to the act of worship?
worship, adoration, devotion, homage, service, reverence, veneration, deification, idolization
(4) What actions or postures symbolize worship?
bow, kneel, genuflect, prostrate oneself
(5) What types of actions make up worship?
prayer, singing hymns, praising God
Religious ceremony
Use this domain for words related to religious ceremonies.
(1) What words refer to performing a religious ceremony?
perform a religious ceremony, hold communion
(2) What words refer to a religious ceremony?
religious ceremony, worship service, church service, time of prayer, prayer meeting, Bible study, liturgy, invocation
Offering, sacrifice
Use this domain for words related to offering a sacrifice.
(1) What words refer to offering a sacrifice?
sacrifice, offer a sacrifice, offer up, burn on the altar, devote, consecrate
(2) What words refer to offering a sacrifice?
sacrifice, offering, devotion, consecration
(3) What words refer to what is sacrificed?
sacrifice, offering, burnt offering, votive offering, gift
(4) What words describe a sacrifice?
sacrificial (giving, lamb), devoted, consecrated
Religious purification
Use this domain for words related to religious purification.
(1) What words refer to purifying someone or something for religious purposes?
purify, purification, cleanse, cleansing, wash, washing, sprinkle, sprinkling, baptize, baptism, 
(2) What words describe something that has been purified?
be pure, undefiled, unpolluted, washed, sprinkled
(3) What words describe something that has not been purified?
be impure, defiled, polluted, unwashed
(4) What words refer to something that causes impurity?
impurity, defilement, pollution
Taboo
Use this domain for words referring to things that are taboo--something to be avoided; a religious, social, or cultural restriction on behavior, as opposed to a government law.
(1) What words refer to a cultural restriction on behavior?
taboo, prohibition
(2) What words refer to making something taboo?
make taboo, forbid, prohibit, ban
(3) What words describe something that is taboo?
taboo, forbidden, prohibited, untouchable, inviolable, banned, off-limits, avoided
Salvation
Use this domain for the primary goal or goals of a religion, for instance in Christianity salvation from sin, death and Hell. Each religion has different beliefs about salvation. Our purpose here is not to preach or argue, but to list those words that people use to talk about this topic.
(1) What words refer to what God does to save a person?
save, salvation, sanctify, redeem, justify, regenerate
(2) What words refer to a person who saves another?
savior
(3) What words refer to what a person does to be saved?
believe, repent, return (to God), receive, work, earn
Dedicate to religious use
Use this domain for words related to dedicating someone or something to religious use.
(1) What words refer to dedicating something to religious use?
dedicate, consecrate, anoint, sanctify, devote, hallow, baptize, circumcise
(2) What words describe something that has been dedicated?
holy, consecrated, sanctified, sacred, devoted, baptized
(3) What words describe something that has not been dedicated?
unholy, common
(4) What words refer to improperly using something that has been dedicated?
desecrate
Fasting
Use this domain for words related to fasting--to not eat for a period of time.
(1) What words refer to not eating for a period of time?
fast, deny (oneself)
(2) What words refer to a person who denies himself for religious purposes?
ascetic
(3) What words refer to the general practice of denying oneself something?
asceticism
(4) What words refer to a time when a person fasts or denies himself in some other way?
fast, Lent, Ramadan
Heaven, hell
Use this domain for words related to heaven and hell--the place where people go after they die.
(1) What is the place or home of God called?
Heaven, the highest heaven, the abode of God, the throne of God
(2) What is the place called where dead people are?
Hades, Sheol, the place of the dead, the grave, the other side, the beyond, underworld, nether world, 
(3) What is the place called where believers (good people) go when they die?
heaven, paradise, your reward
(4) What is the place called where unbelievers (bad people) go when they die?
hell, the pit, fire and brimstone, eternal damnation
(5) What words refer to going to heaven or hell?
pass on, go to heaven, go to hell
(6) What words describe something belonging to heaven or hell?
celestial, heavenly, hellish
Resurrection
Use this domain for words related to resurrection--life after death, or living again after dying.
(1) What words refer to coming back to life?
come back to life, come back from the grave, come to life, resurrection
(2) What words refer to causing someone to come back to life?
resurrect, raise from the dead, bring back to life, bring back from the dead
(3) What words refer to the condition or state of living forever?
live forever, (have) eternal life, life everlasting, immortality, life after death, 
(4) What words refer to reincarnation?
reincarnation, reincarnated, 
Religious organization
Use this domain for words referring to official religions, groups within a religion, and religious meetings. Each religion will have different names for its groups. Answer each question for each religion.
(1) What general words refer to an official religion?
religion, faith
(2) What are the names of the official religions?
Christianity, Islam, Hinduism, Judaism, animism, paganism, 
(3) What words refer to a group within a religion?
sect, denomination, party, 
(4) What are the names of the sects?
Catholic, Protestant, Baptist, Presbyterian, Methodist
(5) What words refer to a group of believers in a particular place?
church, congregation, diocese, parish
(6) What words refer to beginning to believe in a religion or changing from one religion to another?
convert, conversion
Religious person
Use this domain for words referring to religious practitioners--people who practice a religion, who are members of the religion, believe in the religion, leaders of the religion, and followers of the religion. Each religion has its own terms for religious practitioners. List these terms separately for each religion. The examples given below are for the Christian religion.
(1) What is a person called who believes in a religion?
believer, member (of the faith), adherent, follower, practitioner
(2) What is a person called who believes in the (Christian) religion?
Christian, brother, fellow believer, saint
(3) What is a leader of the (Christian-Protestant) religion called?
pastor, minister, parson
(4) What is a leader of the (Christian-Catholic) religion called?
priest, father, bishop, archbishop, Cardinal, pope, man of the cloth
(5) What words refer to the profession of being a religious leader?
pastorate, priesthood, ministry
(6) What words refers to all religious leaders?
clergy
(7) What words refer to followers of a religion who are not leaders?
laity, layperson, flock
Christianity
Use this domain for words used in Christianity.
(1) What words are used to talk about Christianity?
Christian, Christianity, Jesus Christ, the Virgin Mary, the Trinity, the Father, the Son of God, the Holy Spirit, Lord, cross, crucify, crucifixion, resurrection, Bible, Biblical, Scripture, Old Testament, New Testament, Gospel, apostle, church, chapel, churchgoer, priest, vicar, minister, pastor, service, Communion, Mass, sacrament, baptize, baptism, christen, christening, Christian name, confession, Christmas, Good Friday, Easter, crucifix, make the sign of the cross, saint, patron saint, Roman Catholic, Catholic, Pope, papal, Orthodox Church, Reformation, Protestant Church, Protestant, Anglican, Baptist, Methodist, Lutheran, Presbyterian
Islam
Use this domain for words used in Islam.
(1) What words are used to talk about Islam?
Islam, Islamic, Muslim, Allah, Mohammed, the Prophet, Koran, Kaaba, mosque, sharia, Ramadan, hajj
Hinduism
Use this domain for words used in Hinduism.
(1) What words are used to talk about Hinduism?
Hinduism, Hindu, New Age, Vishnu, Vedic, guru, reincarnation
Buddhism
Use this domain for words used in Buddhism.
(1) What words are used to talk about Buddhism?
Buddhism, Buddhist, Buddha, temple, pagoda, nirvana, enlightenment, monk
Judaism
Use this domain for words used in Judaism.
(1) What words are used to talk about Judaism?
Judaism, Jew, Jewish, Israel, Torah, Mishna, rabbi, synagogue, kosher, Passover, Hanukkah, Messiah, Mosaic Law
Animism 
Use this domain for words used in Animism--the belief in spirits.
(1) What words are used to talk about Animism?
Animism, paganism, 
(2) What words refer to someone who believes in Animism?
Animist, pagan,  
Religious things
Use this domain for words related to a religious object.
(1) What types of religious objects are there?
altar, altar of sacrifice, altar of incense, censer, candle, church bells, totem pole, 
(2) What words refer to objects with supernatural power?
amulet, charm, fetish
(3) What words refer to clothes worn by priests and other religious people?
(priest's) robes, habit, cloth, vestments, frock, cassock, cowl, hood, clerical collar, skullcap, surplice, miter, 
Idol
Use this domain for words related to idols and their use.
(1) What words refer to an object that represents a god?
idol, image, icon
(2) What words refer to the practice of making and worshiping idols?
idolatry
Place of worship
Use this domain for words related to places of worship. Each religion has different types of places of worship. These questions must be answered according to the practices of each religion and for each separate type of place.
(1) What words refer to a place that is dedicated to God?
house of God, church, temple, synagogue, mosque, shrine, god house, sanctuary, tabernacle, 
(2) What are the parts of a church?
pew, altar, pulpit, choir loft, baptismal font, stained glass window, steeple
(3) What are the parts of a temple?
courtyard, holy place, holy of holies, altar, laver, lamp stand
(4) Where are idols placed?
god shelf, shrine
(5) Where do religious leaders live?
monastery, convent, parsonage
Irreligion
Use this domain for words related to thinking and acting against God or religion.
(1) What is a person called who does not believe in a religion?
unbeliever, pagan, gentile, heathen, atheist, agnostic, irreligious, godless
(2) What words refer to a religious group, which the official religion considers to be false?
false religion, sect
(3) What words refer to a belief, which the official religion considers to be false?
heresy, heretical, heretic, false doctrine/teaching
(4) What words refer to thinking against God?
disbelieve, unbelief, lack of faith, doubt, skepticism, agnosticism, atheism, paganism
(5) What words refer to speaking against God?
blaspheme, scoff, profane, irreverent
(6) What words refer to acting against God?
sin, impiety, ungodly, godlessness, desecrate, sacrilege
(7) What words describe someone who is against God?
impious, irreligious, profane
(8) What words refer to turning away from God?
apostasy, backsliding, reprobate
(9) What words refer to pretending to be religious?
hypocrisy, hypocrite
(10) What words refer to extreme beliefs that are evil?
fanatic, fanaticism, bigot, bigotry
(11) What words refer to religious practices that are done in ignorance?
(12) What words refer to allowing other people to practice their religion?
tolerance, intolerance
Daily life
Use this domain for words related to daily life at home.
(1) What words refer to daily life?
life, routine, homemaking, 
Household equipment
Use this domain for words related to household equipment and tools.
(1) What general words refer to the things in a house?
property, belongings, household goods
(2) What kinds of things are used to provide light in a house?
lamp, lantern, candle, lamp stand, light fixture
(3) What things are used to clean a house?
broom, dustpan, mop
(4) What things are used to provide water?
bucket, cistern, water barrel
(5) What kinds of things are used to heat or cool a house?
heater, furnace, air-conditioning
(6) What other kinds of things are commonly found in a house?
bag, garbage pail, mirror
Furniture
Use this domain for words related to furniture.
(1) What general words refer to furniture?
furniture, piece of furniture, set of furniture
(2) What words refer to putting furniture in a house?
furnish
(3) What words refer to floor coverings?
carpet, rug, mat
Table
Use this domain for words related to a table.
(1) What types of tables are there?
table, dining room table, bedside table, end table, coffee table, desk
(2) What are the parts of a table?
table leg, table top, top of the table, edge of the table, corner of the table
(3) What do people commonly put on top of a table that is closely associated with the table?
tablecloth, runner, centerpiece, table decoration
Chair
Use this domain for words related to a chair.
(1) What kinds of chairs are there?
chair, armchair, highchair, seat, stool, couch, sofa, swing
(2) What are the parts of a chair?
arm, back, chair leg, seat cushion, footrest
Bed
Use this domain for words related to a bed.
(1) What kinds of beds are there?
bed, double bed, twin bed, bunk bed, queen sized bed, king sized bed, mat, sleeping mat, mattress, cot, pallet, hideaway bed, hammock, berth, guest bed
(2) What covers are put on a bed?
sheet, blanket, covers, bedcovers, bedspread, bed curtains, pillow, mosquito net, 
(3) What do people do with beds?
make the bed, make up the bed, pull up the covers, throw off the covers, arrange the covers, sleep, lie down
Cabinet
Use this domain for words related to a cabinet.
(1) What kinds of cabinets are there?
cabinet, dresser, chest of drawers, wardrobe, buffet, bookshelf, set of shelves, cupboard, drawer, shelf
(2) What do people do with cabinets?
put things away, store, open a drawer, close a drawer, put things on a shelf
Household decoration
Use this domain for words related to household decorations.
(1) What things are used to decorate a house?
decoration, picture, frame, calendar, poster, knickknack, flower vase, doily
Food
Use this domain for general words referring to food.
(1) What general words refer to food?
food, sustenance, nourishment, intake, nutrition, nutritional, non-nutritional, diet
Food preparation
Use this domain for words related to food preparation.
(1) What words refer to preparing food?
food preparation, cook, prepare food, fix (a meal, dish), make a dish
(2) What words refer to the person who prepares food and cooks?
the cook, chef, short order cook, cookie
(3) What words refer to a person who prepares special types of food?
baker (bread), butcher (meat), confectioner (candy), brewer (alcohol)
(4) What words refer to the thing that is cooked?
food, meal, dish
(5) What words refer to the place where food is prepared and cooked?
kitchen, cookhouse, bakery, butchery, food processing plant, restaurant
(6) What words describe how well a person cooks?
good cook, bad cook, tremendous cook, fantastic cook
(7) What words describe how thoroughly something has been cooked?
raw, rare, medium, well done, under done, under cooked, over cooked, burnt, burned to a crisp, crispy, charred, just right
(8) What words refer to a set of instructions for cooking something?
recipe, ingredients, instructions, measurements
Cooking methods
Use this domain for words referring to various ways of cooking food. It is necessary to think through different kinds of food and how they are cooked. An example is given below for cooking eggs.
(1) What words refer to various ways of cooking food?
cook, bake, baste, boil, boil over, braise, brew, broil, brown (v), fry, deep fat fry, grill, marinate, pan-fry, parboil, pickle, poach, roast, sauté, season, sift, simmer, steam, stew, stir fry, 
(2) What ways can you cook an egg?
boil, fry, scramble, poach, bake
(3) What words describe something that has been cooked?
cooked, boiled, braised, broiled, fried, grilled, marinated, parboiled, pickled, poached, sautéed, stewed,
(4) What words describe something that is being cooked?
sizzle, 
Steps in food preparation
Use this domain for words related to the steps in food preparation. One way to find the words in this domain is to describe how each type of food is prepared.
(1) What are the steps in preparing food?
gather ingredients, add ingredients, pour into dish, dilute, thicken, concentrated, dissolve, sweeten, 
(2) What words refer to cutting up ingredients?
shred, grate, slice, cut up, chop, dice, cube, quarter, halve, mince, grind, 
(3) What words refer to mixing ingredients?
mix, stir, knead, toss, tossed, whisk, beat, 
(4) What words refer to allowing food to ripen?
ripen, age (cheese), allow cream to rise, allow bread to rise, 
Remove shell, skin
Use this domain for words related to removing the shell or skin from food.
(1) What words refer to removing the shell or skin from food?
shell, skin, pare, peel, husk
Pound in mortar and pestle
Use this domain for words related to pounding food in a mortar.
(1) What words refer to pounding food in a mortar?
mortar, pestle, pound
Grind flour
Use this domain for words related to grinding flour.
(1) What words refer to grinding flour?
grind, mill
(2) What words refer to the grain before it is ground?
grain
(3) What words refer to the flour after it is ground?
flour, wheat flour, corn flour, millet flour
(4) What tools are used to grind flour?
mill, flourmill, grind stone, millstone, grinder, grinding mill, flour sack
Cooking utensil
Use this domain for words related to cooking utensils.
(1) What general words refer to cooking utensils?
utensil, tool, appliance
(2) What utensils are used to cut food?
knife, paring knife, bread knife, butcher knife, cleaver, grater, cutting board, chopping block
(3) What utensils are used to break up and crush food?
mortar and pestle, meat tenderizer, grinder, meat grinder
(4) What utensils are used to move, stir, mix and turn food?
pancake turner, spatula, whisk, stirring spoon, wooden spoon, meat fork, spit, mixer, blender
(5) What containers are used to mix food?
mixing bowl
(6) What utensils are used to measure ingredients?
measuring cup, measuring spoon
(7) What utensils are used to handle hot pans?
hot pad, oven mitt
(8) What containers are used to cook food?
pot, pan, frying pan, baking pan, casserole dish, cookie sheet, kettle
(9) What appliances are used to cook food?
oven, stove, grill, broiler, toaster, toaster oven, microwave oven, barbeque, fireplace
(10) What appliances are used to store food?
refrigerator, freezer, icebox, cupboard, pantry
(11) What are the parts of these utensils?
handle (of a pot, knife), blade (of a knife), lid (of a pot, container), lip (of a bowl), door (of an oven, refrigerator, cupboard), shelf (of a refrigerator, cupboard), rack (of an oven, grill)
Food storage
Use this domain for words referring to food preservation and storage.
(1) What words refer to preserving food?
preserve
(2) What methods and materials are used to preserve food?
dry, salt, preservative
(3) What words refer to storing food?
store, save, leftovers
(4) What containers are used to store food?
container, jar, bottle, canister, spice rack, flour sack, bag, granary
Serve food
Use this domain for words related to serving food.
(1) What words refer to serving food?
serve, dish up, to ladle
(2) Who serves food?
servant, waiter, waitress, butler
(3) What is a piece of food called?
portion, piece, last piece, slice, share
(4) What is the best piece called?
delicacy, best piece
(5) What utensils are used to serve food?
serving dish, serving platter, serving spoon, ladle, tureen, soup bowl, salad bowl, pot, common dish
(6) Where is food served?
dining room, restaurant, banquet hall, serving line, buffet, soup line
Eat
Use this domain for words related to eating.
(1) What general words refer to eating food?
eat, consume, ingest, partake
(2) What words refer to licking with the tongue?
lick
(3) What words refer to swallowing?
swallow, gulp
(4) What words refer to difficulty in swallowing?
choke, gag
(5) What words refer to feeding someone?
feed (someone), force-feed
Bite, chew
Use this domain for words referring to biting and chewing with the teeth.
(1) What words refer to biting something?
bite, bite into, bite off, take a bite, chomp down on, champ, crunch, 
(2) What words refer to biting someone?
give someone a bite, sink your teeth into, snap at, 
(3) What words refer to a wound caused by an animal biting you?
bite, 
(4) What words refer to chewing?
chew, gnaw, masticate
(5) What refer to grinding your teeth together?
grind your teeth, gnash, clench your teeth, 
(6) What words refer to swallowing?
swallow, 
Meal
Use this domain for words related to a meal.
(1) What general words refer to a time when people eat?
meal, mealtime
(2) What words refer to a meal eaten at a particular time of day?
breakfast, lunch, supper, brunch, mid afternoon snack, midnight snack, tea, luncheon, 
(3) What words refer to the main meal of the day?
dinner
(4) What words refer to a small meal?
snack, light breakfast, light meal
(5) What words refer to a meal eaten outside?
picnic, 
(6) What words refer to eating a meal?
dine, breakfast (v), lunch (v), snack (v)
(7) What do people say at the beginning of a meal?
Let's say grace. Let's thank the Lord for the food. Let's eat. Dig in.
(8) What do people say when they want something?
(Please) pass (the salt). May I have (the salt, please).
(9) What do people say when they are done eating?
Thank you. May I be excused.
Feast
Use this domain for words related to a feast.
(1) What words refer to a large or important meal?
dinner, banquet, feast
(2) What are the parts of a feast?
first course, main course
(3) Who is the leader of a feast?
host, master of ceremonies
(4) Who is invited to a feast?
guest, dinner guest, guest of honor
(5) What happens at a feast?
propose a toast
Manner of eating
Use this domain for words describing the manner in which a person eats.
(1) What words refer to eating before others?
eat before others, eat early
(2) What words refer to tasting a little food to see if it tastes good?
taste, test, sample
(3) What words refer to eating a little?
eat a little, nibble, snack, go on a diet, to diet, diet (n)
(4) What words refer to eating a lot?
eat a lot, eat too much, be a glutton, gluttony, eat like a pig, pig out
(5) What words refer to eating fast?
gobble, inhale, wolf down, devour, eat fast
(6) What words refer to eating more than your share?
eat more than your share, be greedy
(7) What words refer to eating two things together?
(no words in English, but some in North American Indian languages)
Hungry, thirsty
Use this domain for words related to being hungry or thirsty.
(1) What words refer to being hungry?
hungry, hunger, famished, starved, ravenous, 
(2) What are the symptoms of hunger?
hunger pains, stomach is growling
(3) What words refer to being thirsty?
thirsty, thirst, dying of thirst, parched
(4) What words refer to how much you can eat or want to eat?
appetite, big appetite, small appetite
(5) What words refer to not wanting to eat?
lack of appetite, no appetite, not hungry
Satiated, full
Use this domain for words related to being full of food.
(1) What words refer to being full of food?
be full, have had enough, couldn't eat another thing, bloated, stuffed, on a full stomach, satisfied, satiated, no more room, 
(2) What words describe food that makes you feel full?
filling, heavy, stodgy, 
Drink
Use this domain for words related to drinking.
(1) What general words refer to drinking?
drink, drunk, take a drink
(2) What words describe the manner in which a person can drink?
guzzle, gulp, gulp down, swig, sip, suck, pour down your throat, inhale, to down (something)
(3) What words refer to what is drunk?
drink (n)
(4) What expressions are used to ask for a drink?
(5) What expressions are used to offer a drink?
Eating utensil
Use this domain for words related to eating utensils.
(1) What words refer to the utensils used to cut and move food?
eating utensil, knife, butter knife, steak knife, fork, dessert fork, spoon, teaspoon, soup spoon, spatula, serving spoon, chopsticks, 
(2) What words refer to a dish for food?
plate, dinner plate, salad plate, bowl, cereal bowl
(3) What words refer to a dish for drinking?
cup, glass, mug, goblet
(4) What utensils are used for catching spilled food?
bib, napkin (serviette), placemat
(5) What words refer to the utensils used by one person?
place setting
(6) What words refer to preparing the table for eating?
set the table
Fast, not eat
(1) What words refer fasting?
to fast, fast (n), not eat, go without food
(2) What words refer to different kinds of fasts?
neither eat nor drink, liquid diet, daytime fast, total fast
(3) What words refer to stopping a fast?
break a fast
Types of food
Use this domain for words related to types of food.
(1) What words refer to major types of food?
cereal, staple, meat, fruit, vegetable, salad, raw food, cooked food, condiment, main dish, side dish
(2) What words describe whether something can be eaten or not?
(3) What words describe food?
tender, tough, crisp, crispy, raw, stale, fresh
Food from plants
Use this domain for words related to food from plants.
(1) What words refer to plants that can be eaten?
edible plants
(2) What words refer to a person (or animal) who only eats plants?
vegetarian
Food from seeds
Use this domain for words related to food from seeds.
(1) What general words refer to seeds that are eaten?
seed, grain, cereal, bean, legume, nut, 
(2) What types of grain are eaten?
rice, wheat, corn, maize, barley, sesame, millet, sorghum, oat, 
(3) What types of nuts are eaten?
peanut, groundnut, cashew, walnut, almond, cola nut, palm nut, coconut, cocoa nut
(4) What types of beans are eaten?
green bean, lima bean, kidney bean, pea, cowpea, soybean
(5) What other types of seeds are eaten?
cottonseed, pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds
Food from fruit
Use this domain for words related to food from fruit.
(1) What types of fruit are eaten?
apple, apricot, avocado, banana, berry, blueberry, breadfruit, carob, citrus, cranberry, date, fig, flaxseed, grape, grapefruit, hayseed, jackfruit, legume, lemon, lime, linseed, mango, olive, orange, papaya, passion fruit, pea, peach, pear, pineapple, plantain, plum, prune, raisin, raspberry, strawberry, tomato
Food from vegetables
Use this domain for words related to food from vegetables.
(1) What types of vegetables are eaten?
vegetable, tomato, leek, squash, carrot, beans, greens, spinach, cabbage, lettuce, eggplant, okra, pumpkin, cucumber, red pepper, green pepper, cassava leaf
(2) What types of gourds are eaten?
gourd, pumpkin, squash, eggplant
Food from leaves
Use this domain for words referring to food from leaves and stems.
(1) What types of leaves are eaten?
leafy vegetable, salad, lettuce, cabbage, spinach, pumpkin leaves, cowpea leaves
(2) What types of stems are eaten?
sugarcane, rhubarb, celery
Food from roots
Use this domain for words referring to food from roots.
(1) What types of roots are eaten?
potato, sweet potato, carrot, onion, beet, cassava, yam, ginger
Food from animals
Use this domain for words referring to eating meat and to types of animals that are eaten. Only include those animals that are commonly eaten, especially those that are domesticated.
(1) What words refer to a person (or animal) who only eats meat?
carnivore, carnivorous, meat eating
(2) What types of animals are eaten?
beef (cow), mutton (sheep), venison (deer)
(3) What types of birds are eaten?
chicken, turkey
(4) What types of fish are eaten?
tuna, trout, sardines
(5) What types of reptiles are eaten?
frog legs
(6) What types of insects can be eaten?
edible insects, white ant, termite, grub, locust
(7) What words refer to honey and other insect products that can be eaten?
honey
(8) What types of small animals are eaten?
shrimp, lobster
(9) What words refer to eating human flesh?
cannibal
Meat
Use this domain for words referring to meat and types of animals that are eaten. Only include those animals that are commonly eaten.
(1) What general words refer to meat?
meat
(2) What words refer to different types of meat?
ground beef, steak
(3) What words refer to fat?
fat, grease
(4) What words refer to cartilage and other hard parts that are not eaten?
gristle
Milk products
Use this domain for words related to milk products.
(1) What types of milk products are eaten?
milk, butter, cheese, cream, whey, milk solids, butterfat, yogurt, curd
Egg dishes
Use this domain for words related to food made from eggs.
(1) What words refer to egg dishes?
boiled egg, fried egg, scrambled eggs, poached egg, omelet, baked eggs, quiche, caviar (fish eggs)
Cooking ingredients
Use this domain for general words referring to ingredients--the things that are added together when preparing food.
(1) What general words refer to ingredients?
ingredient
(2) What words refer to thickeners?
thickener, cornstarch, pectin, egg, gelatin, agar, wheat flour, corn flour, tapioca flour, cassava flour, sago flour, rice flour, glutinous rice flour, 
Sugar
Use this domain for words related to sugar.
(1) What words refer to sugar?
sugar, sweetener, granulated sugar, white sugar, brown sugar, sugar cube, grain of sugar, 
(2) What words describe something that has sugar in it?
sweet, sugary, sweetened, 
(3) What words refer to putting sugar in food?
sweeten, sprinkle, 
(4) What containers are used for sugar?
spoonful of sugar, sugar bowl
Salt
Use this domain for words related to salt.
(1) What words refer to salt?
salt, salty, saline, to salt, grain of salt, 
(2) What containers are used for salt?
saltshaker
Spice
Use this domain for spices--things that are added to food to make them taste better.
(1) What general words refer to spice?
spice, flavoring, seasoning
(2) What types of spices are there?
pepper, curry, oregano, thyme, cinnamon, bay leaf, parsley, nutmeg, mint, cumin
(3) What words refer to adding spice to food?
spice, flavor, season
(4) What words describe food to which spice has been added?
spicy, flavorful, seasoned
Leaven
Use this domain for leaven--things that are added to food to make them ferment.
(1) What words refer to leaven?
leaven, yeast, baking powder (sodium bicarbonate), rising agent
(2) What words refer to adding leaven to food?
leaven
(3) What words refer to what happens to food when leaven is added?
rise, ferment
Cooking oil
Use this domain for words related to cooking oil.
(1) What words refer to oil used in cooking?
cooking oil, oil, margarine, shortening
(2) What seeds are used to make oil?
olive, corn, canola, cottonseed, 
Prepared food
Use this domain for words referring to prepared food. Cultures vary widely in the number and types of foods they prepare, and in how they classify them. For instance the English distinction between main dish and side dish is not found in the classification system of other languages. If your language has well-recognized subcategories, you can set up a separate subdomain for each. The questions below are based on the main ingredient in the dish.
(1) What general words refer to prepared food?
cooked food, prepared food, dish, course
(2) What words refer to a major class of prepared food?
main dish, side dish, meat dish, casserole, vegetable, staple, bread, soup, salad, fruit, condiment, dessert, candy, cookie, sweets, savories, snack
(3) What general words refer to a food made primarily from meat?
meat dish, main dish, main course
(4) What types of foods are made primarily from meat?
roast beef, steak, fried chicken, fish and chips, hamburger, hotdog, pizza, spaghetti, casserole, lasagna, stew
(5) What foods are made primarily from staple foods?
mashed potatoes and gravy, pasta, cooked rice, stuffing, oatmeal, porridge, cereal, mush
(6) What types of bread are there?
bread, pastry, brown bread, white bread, biscuit, muffin, roll, sweetbread, sandwich, tortilla, toast, loaf
(7) What foods are made primarily from fruit?
cranberry sauce, applesauce, fruit salad
(8) What foods are made primarily from vegetables?
side dish, vegetable, carrot sticks, onion rings
(9) What foods are made primarily from leaves and stems?
salad, tossed salad, green salad, coleslaw
(10) What words refer to foods that contain a lot of water and are boiled?
soup, tomato soup, split green pea soup, clam chowder, broth, stew, gravy
(11) What types of condiments are there (foods that people only eat a little of, because they are expensive, strong tasting, or are added to other foods to flavor them)?
condiment, garnish, pickle, olive, black olive, green olive, tomato sauce, catsup, mustard, mayonnaise, peanut butter, jam, jelly, preserves
(12) What words refer to sweet foods?
dessert, sweet (n), cake, ice cream, pie, cobbler, cookie, cinnamon roll, candy, chocolate, chocolate bar, pudding, lollipop, syrup, treacle, 
(13) What foods are eaten away from home (for instance on a journey or at work)?
sack lunch, picnic lunch, dried food, C-rations, fast food
Prohibited food
Use this domain for words that describe food that is prohibited by the culture or religion. Do not list the foods that are prohibited.
(1) What words describe food that is prohibited?
prohibited food, taboo food, unclean
(2) What words describe food that is not prohibited?
kosher
Beverage
Use this domain for words referring to things people drink.
(1) What general words refer to things people drink?
beverage, drink
(2) What types of drinks are there?
water, milk, juice, tea, coffee, soda, soda pop, coke, milkshake, malt, chocolate
Alcoholic beverage
Use this domain for types of beverages containing alcohol.
(1) What general words refer to alcoholic beverages?
alcoholic beverage, alcohol, liquor
(2) What types of alcoholic drinks are there?
beer, wine, rice wine, sake, mead, whiskey, vodka, millet beer, banana beer, 
(3) What words refer to how much alcohol is in a beverage?
proof
Alcohol preparation
Use this domain for words related to making alcoholic beverages.
(1) What words refer to making alcoholic beverages?
brew
(2) What are the steps in brewing?
ferment, distill, mellow, age, ripen
(3) What foodstuffs are used to make alcohol?
hops, yeast, millet, corn (maize), rice
(4) What equipment and materials are used to brew alcohol?
distillery, brewery, still, filter
Drunk
Use this domain for words related to drinking alcohol and the effect it has on a person.
(1) What words refer to drinking alcohol?
drink, imbibe
(2) What words refer to someone who drinks a lot of alcohol?
drunkard, drunk, wino, alcoholic
(3) What words refer to the effect alcohol has on a person?
be drunk, be intoxicated, soused, had too many, under the influence, drink under the table
(4) What words refer to the aftereffects of being drunk?
hangover
(5) What words refer to a drinking establishment?
bar, saloon, bartender
Tobacco
Use this domain for words related to using tobacco.
(1) What words refer to tobacco?
tobacco, cigarette, pack of cigarettes, cigar, pipe, chewing tobacco
(2) What methods of using tobacco are there?
smoke, light up, light (a cigarette), chew
(3) What tools are used to smoke or chew tobacco?
filter, pipe cleaner, ashtray, spittoon
(4) What words refer to a person who smokes tobacco?
smoker
(5) What affect does tobacco have on a person?
smokers cough, smokers hack, habit, addiction, lung cancer
(6) What is produced by smoking tobacco?
cigarette ash, cigarette smoke, cigarette butt
(7) What does tobacco contain?
nicotine, tar
Narcotic
Use this domain for words related to narcotics and drugs that are not used as medicine but as stimulants. Narcotics are often addicting and harmful to a person's health.
(1) What general words refer to narcotics?
narcotic, drug, 
(2) What types of narcotics are there?
marijuana, bhang, LSD, heroin, opium
(3) What words refer to taking drugs?
take drugs, be on drugs
(4) What tools are used to take drugs?
drug paraphernalia
(5) What words refer to a person who takes drugs?
addict, user, junkie, 
(6) What words refer to a dosage of drugs?
joint, 
(7) What affect do drugs have on people?
addiction, dependence, be high
(8) What words refer to being addicted to drugs?
be addicted, dependent, be hooked, 
(9) What words refer to the need for drugs?
addiction, habit, dependence, 
(10) What words describe a drug that makes people addicted?
addictive, 
Stimulant
Use this domain for words related to stimulants--substances that are drunk, eaten, or chewed to make a person more alert or give him more energy.
(1) What general words refer to stimulants?
stimulant
(2) What types of stimulants are there?
coffee, tea, mate, hookah, chewing gum, beetle nut, 
Clothing
Use this domain for words related to clothing.
(1) What general words refer to clothing?
clothing, clothes, dress
(2) What words describe clothing?
shabby, 
Men's clothing
Use this domain for words related to men's clothing.
(1) What words refer to pieces of men's clothing?
shirt, pants, trousers, short pants, sock, stocking, shoe, boot, belt, hat, cap, underclothes, underwear, tie, suit, vest, coat, gloves, robe, pajamas, overcoat, 
Women's clothing
Use this domain for words related to women's clothing.
(1) What words refer to pieces of women's clothing?
dress, skirt, blouse, underwear, slip, petticoat, bra, shoe, sock, nylons, stockings, hat, glove, sweater, coat, nightgown, maternity dress, belt, scarf, shawl, veil,
Traditional clothing
Use this domain for words related to traditional clothing.
(1) What general words refer to traditional clothing?
old fashioned, period costume
(2) What words refer to different kinds of traditional clothing?
top hat, cravat, bustle, turban, headdress, 
Clothes for special occasions
Use this domain for words referring to special clothes worn on special occasions. It is necessary to think through all the various special occasions in the culture and think of any special clothes worn on those occasions. Two examples are given below for work and graduation, but there are many others.
(1) What general words refer to clothes worn on a special occasion?
sports clothes, work clothes, formal clothes, informal, office wear
(2) What special clothes are worn for work?
work clothes, overalls, coveralls, apron, work gloves, hardhat, steel-toed shoes, boots, goggles
(3) What special clothes are worn for graduation?
cap and gown
Clothes for special people
Use this domain for special clothes worn by special people. It is necessary to think through all the various special types of people in the culture and think of any special clothes worn by them. Several examples are given below, but there are many others.
(1) What special clothes are worn by police or soldiers?
uniform, dress uniform, fatigues, camouflage, helmet, beret, cap, gasmask, braid, 
(2) What kinds of uniforms are there?
police uniform, military uniform, nurse's uniform, band uniform
(3) What special clothes are worn by religious people?
habit (nun), cowl (monk), robe
(4) What special clothes are worn by the king?
purple cloth, crown, royal robes
(5) What special clothes are worn by doctors?
greens, surgical suit, white coat, nurses cap
Parts of clothing
Use this domain for words related to parts of clothing.
(1) What words refer to parts of clothing?
belt loop, bodice, collar, cowl, crease, cuff, fringe, hem, hood, lapel, leg, neck, neckband, neckline, placket, pocket, sash, seam, seat, shirttail, skirt, sleeve, slit, tassel, waist, waistband, waistline, 
(2) What words refer to parts of shoes?
sole, shoelace, bootlace, eye, tongue, toe, heel, insole, strap, buckle, thong
(3) What words refer to parts of hats?
brim, peak, ribbon
(4) What things are used to hold parts of clothes together?
belt buckle, button, buttonhole, clasp, cuff-link, lace, snap, zip, zipper, 
Wear clothing
Use this domain for words related to wearing clothing.
(1) What words refer to wearing clothing?
wear, have on, be clothed, clad, shod, 
(2) What words refer to putting clothing on?
to dress, get dressed, put on, clothe, get into, throw on, jump into, don, tuck in, button, zip, tie
(3) What words refer to taking clothing off?
to undress, get undressed, take off, strip, rip off, get out of
(4) What words refer to not wearing a piece of clothing?
barefoot, shoeless, shirtless, hatless, unshod, topless, 
Naked
Use this domain for words related to being naked--not wearing any clothes, and for words referring to how a person feels about being naked. It is a part of universal human experience that people do not want to be naked. So there are words that refer to feeling bad if one does not have enough clothes on (shame). Other words refer to wanting to have enough clothes (modest). Other words refer to how people feel about other people who do not wear enough clothes
(indecent).
(1) What words refer to being naked?
be naked, nakedness, nude, nudity, unclothed, nothing on, not have anything on, stripped, bare, expose (oneself)
(2) What words refer to not wearing enough clothes?
dress immodestly, immodest, impropriety, indecent
(3) What words refer to not wanting to be naked?
modest, propriety, decent
(4) What words refer to feeling bad if you are naked?
shame, embarrassed, blush
Style of clothing
Use this domain for words related to clothing styles.
(1) What words describe the style of your clothing?
style, stylish, in style, fashion, out of fashion, modern, traditional, old-fashioned
Adornment
Use this domain for words related to adornment.
(1) What general words refer to making yourself look better?
adorn, beautify, make oneself attractive, personal care, hygiene, toilet, look your best, 
(2) What general words refer to things people put on themselves in addition to clothes?
adornment, accessories, decoration
Jewelry
Use this domain for objects such as jewelry that are put on or attached to the body or to the clothes as decoration.
(1) What words refer to jewelry?
jewelry, accessory, ornament
(2) What words refer to types of jewelry?
earring, necklace, brooch, hairclip, comb, belt, hat, glasses, sunglasses, handkerchief, 
(3) What words refer to jewelry worn on the hands and arms?
ring, bracelet, watch, armband, cuff link, bangle, 
(4) What words refer to jewelry worn on the legs?
anklet, 
(5) What words refer to putting on or having on jewelry?
bedeck, adorn
Cosmetics
Use this domain for words related to cosmetics--things you put on your skin to make yourself beautiful in appearance.
(1) What words refer to cosmetics?
cosmetics, make-up, 
(2) What words refer to types of cosmetics?
lipstick, cream, powder, blusher, eyeliner, eyeshadow, foundation, mascara, rouge, nail polish, moisturizer, eye pencil, lotion, ointment, 
(3) What words refer to putting on cosmetics?
put on makeup, apply cosmetics, make up, powder your nose
(4) What words refer to having cosmetics on?
have on, wear, 
(5) What words describe someone who is wearing cosmetics?
made-up, 
Care for hair
Use this domain for words related to caring for your hair.
(1) What words refer to actions done to the hair?
braid, plait, perm, dye, style
(2) What words describe the condition of a person's hair?
hair condition, dry, greasy, split end, tangled, combed, uncombed
(3) What words refer to a person that cares for people's hair?
beautician, hair stylist, 
(4) What words refer to a business that cares for people's hair?
beauty salon, beauty parlor, barber shop, hair salon, 
Comb hair
Use this domain for words related to combing your hair.
(1) What words refer to combing the hair?
to comb, comb, brush, pick, tangle, snarl, rats nest
Plait hair
Use this domain for words related to plaiting your hair.
(1) What words refer to plaiting the hair?
plait, braid
(2) What kinds of braids are there?
French braid
(3) What techniques are used?
(4) What things are used?
Dye hair
Use this domain for words related to dying your hair.
(1) What words refer to dying the hair?
to dye, to color, tint, dye
(2) What words describe the color of a person's hair?
hair color, black, brown, brunette, blond, auburn, red, redhead, dyed, bleached
(3) What techniques are used to dye hair?
dye, rinse
(4) What things are used to dye hair?
hair coloring
Hairstyle
Use this domain for words related to hairstyles.
(1) What words refer to the style of a woman's hair?
hairstyle, short hair, long hair, braid, wig, 
(2) What words refer to the style of a man's hair?
blocked, buzz, crew cut, military cut, long, shaved, tonsure
(3) What words refer to fixing a person's hair in a particular style?
style (v), braid (v), fix, curl, cut, arrange, 
(4) What words describe a hairstyle?
curled, wavy, straight, bobbed, pigtailed, 
Cut hair
Use this domain for words related to cutting hair.
(1) What words refer to cutting hair?
cut, trim, haircut, barber, scissors, haircutters
(2) What words refer to a person who cuts hair?
barber, hairdresser
(3) What words refer to a place where hair is cut?
barbershop, hair salon
(4) What tools are used to cut hair?
scissors, haircutters, shears
Shave
Use this domain for words related to shaving.
(1) What words refer to shaving off your hair?
shave
(2) What tools are used to shave?
razor, safety razor, razorblade, razor strap, shaving cream, shaving soap, shaving brush
(3) What words describe someone who has shaved?
clean-shaven, 
Care for the teeth
Use this domain for words related to caring for your teeth.
(1) What words refer to caring for your teeth?
clean, brush, floss, pick your teeth, gargle
(2) What do people use to clean their teeth?
toothbrush, floss, toothpick, toothpaste, mouthwash, 
(3) What words are used to describe the condition of your teeth?
clean, dirty, yellow, decayed, chipped, loose, worn, bad breath, food stuck between the teeth
Anoint the body
Use this domain for words related to anointing the body.
(1) What words refer to anointing the body?
anoint, perfume, smear, douse
(2) What materials are used to anoint the body?
perfume, deodorant, scent, oil, fat, aftershave, 
Ritual scar
Use this domain for words related to ritual scarring.
(1) What words refer to a scar or mark deliberately made to decorate the body?
tribal scar, tattoo (n), mutilation
(2) What words refer to making the scar?
tattoo (v), get a tattoo
(3) What instruments and materials are used?
pigment
(4) What words refer to filing the teeth?
file teeth
Circumcision
Use this domain for words related to circumcision.
(1) What words refer to circumcision?
circumcise, circumcision
(2) What part is cut off?
foreskin
(3) What tools and materials are used?
razor blade, bandage, anesthesia, antiseptic
(4) Who does the operation?
surgeon
(5) What words refer to female circumcision?
Care for the fingernails
Use this domain for words related to caring for the fingernails.
(1) What words are used to describe the process of caring for the nails?
manicure, clean, cut, clip, trim, shape, sharpen
(2) What tools are used to care for the nails?
clippers, scissors, file
(3) What is a piece of a cut off fingernail called?
fingernail clippings
(4) What words describe when a nail grows into the finger or toe and causes a sore?
ingrown nail
(5) What do people do with their nails?
to bite (your nails), scratch
(6) What words are used of painting the nails?
paint, polish, nail polish
(7) What words are used to describe the condition of the nails?
long, clean, dirty, dirt under the nails, chipped, curved
Fire
Use this domain for general words that refer to fire and for words referring to types of fire. These words may be specific for what is being burned (forest fire 'a fire burning a forest'), the size of the fire (inferno 'a very large hot fire'), or the place where the fire burns (hellfire 'the fire in hell').
(1) What general words refer to a fire?
fire, combustion, 
(2) What types of fire are there?
fireball, torch, firebrand, fireworks, firecracker, burn a field before planting, 
(3) What words refer to what is being burned?
house fire, forest fire, grass fire, wood fire, oil fire
(4) What words refer to the size of the fire?
spark, flame, flicker, finger, tongue, flare, blaze, conflagration, inferno, raging inferno
(5) What words refer to where the fire is?
campfire, hellfire
(6) What words refer to a fire started by accident?
blaze, the flames, 
(7) What words refer to a fire started on purpose?
cook fire, bonfire, controlled fire, 
(8) What words refer to deliberately burning something?
burn something, set something on fire, set fire to, torch (v), 
(9) What words refer to the crime of burning someone's house or field?
arson, arsonist
(10) What words describe something that burns easily?
flammable, inflammable, combustible
(11) What words describe something that will not burn?
fireproof, unburnable, fire-resistant, unquenchable
Light a fire
Use this domain for words related to lighting a fire.
(1) What words are used of a person starting a fire?
light a fire, build a fire, make a fire, start a fire, ignite, light a match, set on fire, set fire to something, blow into flames, kindle, 
(2) What words refer to something beginning to burn?
catch fire, start burning, burst into flames, spark, smolder
(3) What things are used to start fires?
match, matchstick, matchbox, flint and steel, cigarette lighter, lighter fluid, tinderbox, 
(4) What materials are used as kindling?
kindling, tinder, punk
Tend a fire
Use this domain for words that refer to tending a fire--to keep a fire burning so that it burns well and does not go out.
(1) What words refer to keeping a fire burning?
tend a fire
(2) What words refer to adding fuel to a fire?
feed a fire, stoke a fire, throw another log on the fire
(3) What words refer to blowing on a fire to make it bigger?
fan a fire, fan into flames, blow on a fire, bellows, pump bellows
(4) What words refer to making a fire bigger?
build up a fire
(5) What words refer to restarting a fire that has died down?
rekindle
(6) What words refer to keeping a fire from going out, such as covering a fire with ashes to keep it from going out during the night?
bank a fire, 
(7) What words refer to taking something out of a fire?
pull out of the fire, snatch from the flames, 
(8) What words refer to something taken out of a fire?
firebrand
(9) What words refer to a person who is responsible to make sure the fire does not go out?
preserver of the fire, 
(10) What words refer to sharing fire with a neighbor whose fire has gone out?
(11) What things are used to carry fire?
fire pan, brazier
(12) What tools are used to tend a fire?
poker, tongs, wick trimmer, snuffer, 
Extinguish a fire
Use this domain for all the ways a person can stop a fire.
(1) What words refer to a fire stopping?
die down, go out, burn itself out
(2) What general words are used of a person stopping a fire?
extinguish, put out (a fire), fight (a fire), stub out (a cigarette), 
(3) What words are used of stopping a fire with water?
douse (a fire), quench (a fire)
(4) What words are used of stopping a fire by blowing on it?
blow out (a candle)
(5) What words are used of stopping a fire by covering it?
smother (a fire), snuff out (a flame)
(6) What words refer to a person whose job is to stop fires?
fireman, firefighter
(7) What equipment is used to stop a fire?
fire engine, fire truck, fire extinguisher
Burn
Use this domain for verbs that are used of fire: "The fire is ____." In some languages there are verbs for what is happening to the thing that is burning: "The house is ____."
(1) What words refer to a fire burning?
burn
(2) What words describe a fire that is burning well?
blaze, ablaze, burn fiercely, burn brightly, burn hot
(3) What words describe a fire that is not burning well?
die down, smolder
(4) What words describe a fire that starts to burn again after having died down?
flare up, flame up
(5) What words describe the appearance of fire?
flicker, dance, glow
(6) What words refer to a fire burning something?
burn something, 
(7) What words refer to something burning partly?
blacken, scorch, singe, 
(8) What words refer to something burning completely?
burn up, burn down, burn to the ground, consume, incinerate, destroy by fire, reduce to ashes, 
(9) What words refer to a fire making something hot?
to heat something, to warm something
(10) What words refer to something burning?
be burning, go up in flames, go up in smoke, be in flames, 
(11) What words describe something that has been burned?
burnt, 
What fires produce
Use this domain for words related to the things that fires produce.
(1) What do fires produce?
flames, heat, light, smoke, fumes, exhaust, sparks, ash, soot
(2) What words refer to a fire giving off something?
to smoke, give off sparks, send up sparks, give off heat, glow
(3) What words refer to smoke?
smoke, smoky, blue with smoke, haze, smog
(4) What do sparks do?
shoot up, fly out, land on things
(5) What sounds do fires make?
crackle, pop, hiss, roar of the flames
(6) What words refer to wood after it has been burning?
embers, coals, live coals
(7) What is left behind by a fire?
ash, blackened wood, charred remains
(8) What words refer to the material that is left on things near a fire?
soot
(9) What words refer to an area of ground that has been burned?
burn (n), burned off area
Fuel
Use this domain for types of fuel and for words used in making, collecting, storing, or using fuel. This domain includes the scenario of collecting firewood.
(1) What words refer to the thing that is burned by a fire?
fuel
(2) What types of things are normally used as fuel?
wood, coal, charcoal, oil, gas, candle wax, kindling
(3) What words refer to firewood?
firewood, bundle of firewood, piece of firewood, stack of firewood
(4) What words refer to collecting fuel?
collect, gather, pick up, chop firewood, split firewood
(5) What words refer to charcoal?
charcoal
(6) What words are used for making charcoal?
cook
(7) What words refer to liquid fuel?
liquid fuel, gasoline (petrol), gas, kerosene (paraffin), diesel, candle wax, oil (lamp)
(8) What containers are used to hold liquid fuels?
gas can, jerry can
Fireplace
Use this domain for any place where fires are normally burned.
(1) Where do people light fires?
fireplace, stove, lamp, lantern, candle, trash heap, firepot, incinerator, furnace, heater, kiln, barbeque, forge, blast furnace, crematorium, brazier, range, cooker, gas ring, burner, 
(2) What are the parts of a fireplace?
hearth, flue, grate, fireguard, screen, chimney, mantle, fender, hob, trivet, 
(3) What are the parts of a stove?
oven, burner, grill, 
(4) What are the parts of a candle?
candlestick, wax, wick
(5) What are the parts of a lamp?
lamp stand, oil, wick, 
Cleaning
Use this domain for general words related to cleaning things.
(1) What general words refer to removing dirt from something?
clean, scrub, scour, cleanse
(2) What general words refer to using water to remove dirt?
wash
(3) What materials are used to wash things?
soap, shampoo, laundry soap, detergent, cleanser, scouring powder
Clean, dirty
Use this domain for words describing whether something is clean or dirty.
(1) What words describe something that is clean?
clean, spanking clean, spotless, sparkling clean
(2) What words describe something that is dirty?
be dirty, filthy, soiled, stained, smeared, dusty, spotted, corrupted, grimy, greasy, polluted
Bathe
Use this domain for words related to bathing.
(1) What words are used to refer to the action of taking a bath?
bathe, take a bath, take a shower, wash up, 
(2) What words refer to the event of taking a bath?
bath, bathing
(3) What words refer to someone who is taking a bath?
bather, 
(4) Where does a person take a bath?
bathroom, bathtub, tub, shower, shower stall, bathhouse
(5) What does a person use to take a bath?
soap, shampoo, lather, washcloth, towel, shower cap, bathrobe, shower curtain, bathmat, bathroom sink
Wash dishes
Use this domain for words related to washing dishes.
(1) What words refer to washing dishes?
wash dishes, rinse
(2) What tools are used to wash dishes?
dishpan, pan, dish rack, dishtowel, dishcloth, sponge, dishwater, dishwasher, kitchen sink
Wash clothes
Use this domain for words related to washing clothes.
(1) What words refer to washing clothes?
wash clothes, launder, do the laundry, dry clean
(2) What are the steps is washing clothes?
soak, scrub, rinse, wring, hang up (to dry), dry, take down, iron, fold, put away, hang up
(3) Who does the laundry?
washerwoman, drycleaners
(4) What tools are used to wash clothes?
laundry soap, detergent, washing machine, drier, washtub, washbasin, sink, basin, washboard, clothesline, clothespin, bucket, hanger, scrubbing stone
(5) What words refer to the clothes to be washed?
laundry, dirty laundry, dirty clothes, wash (n)
(6) What words are used to describe the condition of clothes?
clean, dirty, filthy, soiled, stained, faded, old, new, brand new, never been worn, worn, torn, ripped, patched, mended
Sweep, rake
Use this domain for words related to cleaning the floor or ground.
(1) What words refer to cleaning the floor or ground?
sweep, mop, scrub, wax, rake
(2) What tools are used?
broom, dustpan, mop, scrub brush, rake, brush
(3) What words refer to the things that are removed?
sweepings, leaves
Wipe, erase
Use this domain for words related to wiping dirt off of things.
(1) What words refer to wiping dirt and dust off things?
wipe, erase, to dust
dust cloth, rag, eraser, rubber
(3) What words refer to the dirt that is removed?
dust
Sleep
Use this domain for words related to sleeping.
(1) What words are used of being asleep?
be asleep, sleep
(2) What words are used of a good sleep?
sleep well, sleep peacefully
(3) What words are used of a bad sleep?
sleep poorly, sleep badly, sleep fitfully
(4) What words are used of a light sleep?
light sleep, doze, half asleep
(5) What words are used of a deep sleep?
be in a deep sleep, be really out, sleep deeply, sleep soundly, sound asleep
(6) What words are used of sleeping during the day?
nap, take a nap, rest, take a rest
(7) What words refer to sleeping someplace unusual, for instance in someone else's house, or outside?
sleepover, sleep outside, sleep under the stars, camp, campout, bivouac
(8) What words are used of urinating while asleep?
wet the bed
(9) What words refer to talking in your sleep?
talk in your sleep
Go to sleep
Use this domain for words related to going to bed and going to sleep.
(1) What words refer to getting ready for bed?
get ready for bed, go to bed, turn in, 
(2) What words refer to getting into bed?
get into bed, crawl into bed, curl up in bed, get under the covers, crawl under the covers, fall into bed (exhausted), jump in bed
(3) What words refer to going to sleep?
go to sleep, fall asleep, drop off, sink into a deep sleep
(4) What words refer to feeling like you want to sleep?
drowsiness, drowsy, sleepiness, sleepy, somnolence, somnolent, soporific, 
(5) What are the symptoms of beginning to go to sleep?
nod, yawn, stretch, eyelids droop
(6) What do you say when you are beginning to go to sleep?
(7) What words are used of someone causing someone to go to sleep?
put to sleep, put to bed
(8) What words are used of the time when you go to sleep?
bedtime, nighttime, time to go to sleep, 
(9) What words refer to going to bed early or late?
early night, late night, stay up, 
(10) What does someone say to someone else who is going to sleep?
(11) What special clothes are used when sleeping?
pajamas, pj's, jammies, nightgown, nightie, nightclothes
(12) What words refer to staying awake and not going to sleep?
stay up (late), stay awake
(13) What words refer to preventing someone from going to sleep?
keep (someone) awake
Dream
Use this domain for words related to dreaming.
(1) What words refer to dreaming?
to dream (v), a dream (n), have a dream
(2) What do people do while dreaming?
talk in your sleep, walk in your sleep
(3) What is a good dream called?
sweet dreams, pleasant dreams
(4) What is a bad dream called?
nightmare, bad dream
Wake up
Use this domain for words related to waking up from sleep.
(1) What words refer to waking up?
wake up, come to, awaken, come out of a deep sleep, be startled out of sleep
(2) What words refer to someone waking someone else up?
wake (someone) up, get (someone) up, rouse
(3) What do people do to wake someone up?
call, shake, dump water on him
(4) What do people say to wake someone up?
Time to get up. Rise and shine. Hey, sleepyhead.
(5) What means do people use to wake themselves up?
alarm clock, wake up call, rooster
(6) What do people do after they wake up?
get up, get out of bed
(7) What words describe not being asleep?
be awake
(8) What words are used of not being able to sleep?
toss and turn, couldn't sleep, lay awake, insomnia, insomniac, sleep disorder
(9) What words are used of not wanting to sleep?
stay awake, be alert, stay up
Manage a house
Use this domain for words related to managing a house.
(1) What words refer to managing a house?
keep house, housework, housekeeping
(2) What words refer to a person who manages a house?
housewife, housekeeper
(3) What words refer to a household servant?
maid, butler, valet, domestic servant, house help, household staff
Live, stay
Use this domain for words related to living in a place.
(1) What words refer to living in a place?
live, stay, be at home, dwell, reside, inhabit
(2) What words refer to a person who lives in a house?
inhabitant, resident, dweller, roommate
(3) What words refer to living in a place for a short time?
camp, migrate
(4) What words describe someone who likes to stay at home?
homebody, 
Work and occupation
Use this domain for general words related to working.
(1) What general words refer to work?
work, labor, toil
Work
Use this domain for words related to working.
(1) What general words refer to working?
work, labor, operate
Worker
Use this domain for words related to a worker.
(1) What general words refer to a person who works?
worker, laborer
(2) What words refer to a person who works in a particular place?
butler (house), field hand, farm hand (fields), ranch hand (ranch)
(3) What words refer to a person who works for someone else?
hired hand, employee, servant, hireling, slave, 
(4) What words refer to a person who works for a day or a few days?
day laborer, temporary help, casual worker
(5) What words refer to a person who works for only part of a day, or for the whole day?
part-time worker, full-time worker
(6) What words refer to a person who works with a particular material or animal?
carpenter (wood), blacksmith (iron, metal), cowboy (cattle), shepherd (sheep)
Expert
Use this domain for words related to being an expert--someone who can do something well.
(1) What words refer to an expert?
expert, professional, master, craftsman, specialist, old hand, old-timer, the best we have, leader in his field, on the cutting edge, senior, graduate, doctor, consultant, trainer, teacher, is degreed, has a degree
(2) What words are used to refer to the knowledge or ability of an expert?
expertise, knowledge, expert knowledge, experience, ability, craftsmanship, training, understanding, proficiency
(3) What words describe an expert?
the best we have, leader in his field, on the cutting edge, master (craftsman), expert (machinist), leading (scholar), degreed (scholar), foremost (expert), knowledgeable, experienced, able (seaman), well-trained, proficient, capable, clever, skilled, skillful, 
(4) What words are used to refer to someone who is not an expert?
student, apprentice, trainee, novice, jack-of-all-trades, greenhorn, beginner, new recruit, plebe, freshman
(5) What words describe someone who is not an expert?
green, beginning (student), new, uninitiated, ignorant, untrained, inexperienced, unknowledgeable
Method
Use this domain for words related to the method of doing something.
(1) What words refer to a method of doing something?
method, methodology, approach, means, procedure, process, strategy, system, tactics, technique, way, 
(2) What question words ask for the way in which something is done?
how, however, 
(3) What words indicate the way in which something is done?
how, however, somehow, somehow or other, 
(4) What words describe a method of doing something?
technical, strategic, tactical, 
(5) What words refer to the way in which a person works?
work style
Try, attempt
Use this domain for words indicating that someone is trying to do something.
(1) What words refer to trying to do something?
try, attempt, make an attempt, experiment, test, make a stab at it, give it a go, try it out, see if it works, make an effort, aim to do something, assay, endeavor, essay, seek to do something, strain, struggle, undertake, venture, give it a whirl, have a try, try and do something, see if you can do something, 
(2) What words refer to trying hard to do something?
do your best, try your best, put your mind to it, make an effort, be at pains to do something, strive, to the best of your ability, do the best you can, as best you can, give something your best, 
(3) What words refer to doing all you can when you are trying to do something?
try for all your worth, do your utmost, do everything you can, do all you can, give your all, pull out all the stops, struggle to do something, go to great lengths to do something, 
(4) What words refer to trying to do something, even though you are unlikely to succeed?
have a go, have a stab at, give it a go, put up a good show, 
(5) What words refer to trying hard to get something that you really want?
try for, go for, try out for, shoot for, make a bid for, struggle for, go all out, go after, 
(6) What words refer to trying hard to do something for someone?
bend over backwards to do something, go out of your way to do something, take the trouble to do something, 
(7) What words refer to doing something in order to try to do something else?
try and do something, in an effort to do something, in an attempt to do something, 
(8) What words refer to an attempt to do something?
attempt (n), endeavor (n), try (n), campaign, drive, 
Use
Use this domain for words related to using something to do something.
(1) What words refer to using something?
use, employ (something), make use of, handle, manipulate, wield
(2) What words refer to something being used for some activity or purpose?
be used to, be used for, be for, for, 
(3) What words refer to the activity that something is used for?
use (n), 
(4) What words refer to using something in the wrong way?
abuse, misuse
Useful
Use this domain for words related to being useful--words describing something that can be used to do something.
(1) What words describe something that is useful?
useful, be of use, handy, helpful, valuable, be good for, be worth, constructive, nifty, 
(2) What words describe something that is very useful?
invaluable, indispensable, 
(3) What words refer to something being useful even though it doesn't seem to be?
come in handy, come in useful, have its uses,
(4) What words refer to the quality of being useful?
usefulness, utility, 
Useless
Use this domain for words related to being useless--words describing something that cannot be used to do anything.
(1) What words describe something that is useless?
useless, be of no use, be no use, be no good, unhelpful, be of no help, be no help, 
(2) What words refer to something that is useless?
junk, garbage,  
Available
Use this domain for words related to something being available to use.
(1) What words refer to something being available for use?
available, obtainable, at your disposal
Use up
Use this domain for words related to using something up.
(1) What words refer to using up all of something?
finish, use up, exhaust, run out of, consume, deplete, drink up, exhaust, sap, swallow, tap, use up
Take care of something
Use this domain for words related to taking care of something.
(1) What words refer to taking care of something?
take care of, look after, maintain
Waste
Use this domain for words related to wasting something.
(1) What words refer to wasting something?
waste, squander, dissipate, uneconomical
Work well
Use this domain for words related to working well.
(1) What words refer to working well?
work well, give it your best, do your best, skill, skillful, skillfully
(2) What words describe someone who works well?
proficient, businesslike, practical, thorough
Careful
Use this domain for words related to being careful.
(1) What words describe someone who is careful?
careful, conscientious, painstaking, deliberate, deliberately
Work hard
Use this domain for words related to working hard.
(1) What words refer to working hard?
work hard, labor at, strive, try hard, give it your best, do your best, push hard, go all out, wear several hats, hard driving, make an effort
(2) What words describe someone who works hard?
industrious, hard working, busy, devoted, devotion, diligent, diligence, 
(3) What words describe someone who works too hard?
overburdened, worn, 
Busy
Use this domain for words related to being busy.
(1) What words describe a person who is busy and has a lot to do?
busy, have a lot to do, have your hands full, pressure, overburdened, 
Power, force
Use this domain for words related to the power used to do something.
(1) What words refer to the power used to do something?
power, force, energy
Complete, finish
Use this domain for words related to completing a task.
(1) What words refer to completing a task?
complete, finish, finish up, accomplish, succeed, wrap up
(2) What words refer to not completing a task?
leave undone, incomplete, unfinished
Ambitious
Use this domain for words related to being ambitious.
(1) What words describe a person who is determined to be successful?
ambitious, ambition, competitive, power-hungry, pushy
Work poorly
Use this domain for words related to working poorly.
(1) What words refer to working poorly?
work poorly, work slowly, do a bad job, mess up on the job, slipshod, sloppy, 
Careless, irresponsible
Use this domain for words related to being careless.
(1) What words describe someone who is careless in his work?
be careless, irresponsible
Lazy
Use this domain for words related to being lazy.
(1) What words describe someone who is lazy?
be lazy, lazy person, idle, dally, idler, do-nothing, loafer
(2) What words refer to an inappropriate rest?
loaf, goof off
Give up
Use this domain for words related to giving up.
(1) What words refer to stopping work?
give up, quit, resign, offer to resign, submit your resignation, fire, dismiss, sack
Plan
Use this domain for words related to planning.
(1) What words refer to making plans?
plan, make plans, devise a plan, come up with a plan, contrive, mastermind, 
(2) What words refer to a plan?
plan, aim, objective, goal, purpose, program, scheme, 
Arrange an event
Use this domain for words related to arranging an event, such as a meeting.
(1) What words refer to arranging an event?
arrange, organize, make arrangements, line up, prepare
Cancel an event
Use this domain for words related to canceling a plan, decision, or event.
(1) What words refer to canceling an event?
cancel, call off, be off, scrub, shelve
Prepare
Use this domain for words related to preparing to do something.
(1) What words refer to preparing for a task?
prepare, preparations, make preparations, get ready, ready something
(2) What words describe a person who has prepared?
prepared, ready
(3) What words describe a person who has not prepared?
unprepared, unready
Prepare something for use
Use this domain for words related to preparing something so that it can be used for some purpose.
(1) What words refer to preparing something?
prepare, get something ready, 
(2) What words describe something that has been prepared?
prepared, ready, 
Effective
Use this domain for words related to being effective.
(1) What words describe a method that is effective?
effective, work, successful
Efficient
Use this domain for words related to being efficient.
(1) What words describe a way of working that is efficient?
efficient, productive
Opportunity
Use this domain for words related to an opportunity to do something.
(1) What words refer to an opportunity to do something?
opportunity, chance, opening, occasion 
Difficult, impossible
Use this domain for words describing something that is difficult or impossible to do.
(1) What words describe a difficult task?
difficult, hard, challenging, tough, not easy, arduous, demanding
(2) What words indicate that a task cannot be done?
be impossible, too hard, can't do it, not doable
(3) What words refer to how difficult a job is?
difficulty
Easy, possible
Use this domain for words describing something that is easy or possible to do.
(1) What words describe something that is easy to do?
easy, a cinch, no problem, piece of cake
(2) What words indicate that something can be done?
be possible, not too hard, can do it, no problem, doable
Succeed
Use this domain for words related to succeeding in doing something.
(1) What words refer to succeeding to do a task?
succeed, success, accomplish, achieve, manage, contrive, 
(2) What words refer to something that you have succeeded in doing?
success, accomplishment, achievement, 
Fail
Use this domain for words related to failing to do something.
(1) What words refer to failing to do a task?
fail, unsuccessful, not make it
(2) What words refer to someone who has failed?
failure
Advantage
Use this domain for words related to having an advantage--something that helps you succeed that other people don't have.
(1) What words refer to an advantage?
advantage, asset, privilege, 
(2) What words refer to having an advantage over other people?
have an advantage, be at an advantage, have something on your side, the odds are stacked in your favor, have a head start, have everything going for you, hold all the cards, have the upper hand, be in a strong position, be in a position of strength, 
(3) What words indicate that something gives one person an advantage over others?
give someone an advantage, give someone the edge, be to someone's advantage, be in someone's favor, favor (v), 
(4) What words refer to a disadvantage?
disadvantage, handicap, drawback, liability, limitations, 
(5) What words refer to having a disadvantage compared with other people?
have a disadvantage, be at a disadvantage, be handicapped, the odds are stacked against you, disadvantaged, 
(6) What words indicate that something gives someone a disadvantage?
be to someone's disadvantage, be against, 
(7) What words refer to the advantages and disadvantages of something?
advantages and disadvantages, pros and cons, pluses and minuses, 
Job satisfaction
Use this domain for words related to being satisfied with your job.
(1) What words refer to being satisfied with your job?
job satisfaction, rewarding, fulfilling, satisfying, profitable, like your job, challenging
(2) What words refer to not being satisfied with your job?
hate your job, boring
Unemployed, not working
Use this domain for words related to being unemployed.
(1) What words refer to not having a job?
unemployed, not working, out of work, idle, jobless, looking for work
Made by hand
Use this domain for words describing something made by hand instead of by a machine.
(1) What words describe something made by hand?
made by hand, craft, crafted, craftsman, craftsmanship
Artificial
Use this domain for words describing something that is artificial--something that is made by people.
(1) What words describe something made by people?
artificial, synthetic, man-made, processed
(2) What words describe something not made by people?
natural, wild, raw, virgin, untamed, organic
Experienced
Use this domain for words related to being experienced at doing something.
(1) What words refer to being experienced?
experienced, seasoned, practiced, veteran, pro
Accustomed to
Use this domain for words related to being accustomed to something.
(1) What words refer to being accustomed to something?
be accustomed to, used to, familiar with
Agriculture
Use this domain for words related to agriculture--working with plants.
(1) What general words refer to working with plants?
agriculture, farming
Growing crops
Use this domain for general words related to growing crops. If one crop is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it.
(1) What words refer to growing crops?
grow, cultivate, raise, farm (v), garden (v), produce, 
(2) What words refer to something that is grown?
crop, produce (n), 
Growing grain
Use this domain for general words related to growing grain crops such as barley, maize (corn), millet, oats, rice, rye, sesame, sorghum, and wheat. If one crop is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it. This has already been done for rice, wheat, and maize, since they are so common around the world.
(1) What words refer to growing grain?
grow grain, sheaf, winnow
Growing rice
Use this domain for words related to growing rice.
(1) What words refer to growing rice?
rice paddy, transplant seedling
Growing wheat
Use this domain for words related to growing wheat.
(1) What words refer to growing wheat?
sheaf
Growing maize
Use this domain for words related to growing maize.
(1) What words refer to growing maize?
ear, husk, stalk, silk
Growing roots
Use this domain for words related to growing root crops such as beets, carrots, cassava, garlic, ginger, leeks, manioc, onions, peanuts, potatoes, radishes, rutabagas, taro, turnips, and yams. If one crop is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it. This has already been done for potatoes and cassava, since they are so common around the world.
(1) What words refer to growing roots?
root, uproot
Growing potatoes
Use this domain for words related to growing potatoes.
(1) What words refer to growing potatoes?
potato, potato vine, potato mound
Growing cassava
Use this domain for words related to growing cassava.
(1) What words refer to growing cassava?
cassava
Growing vegetables
Use this domain for words related to growing vegetables, such as asparagus, beans, broccoli, cabbage, celery, chard, cucumbers, eggplant, melons, peas, peppers, pumpkins, spinach, squash, tomatoes, and watermelons. If one type of vegetable is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it.
(1) What words refer to growing vegetables?
vegetable garden, hoe, pick
Growing fruit
Use this domain for words related to growing fruit, such as berries, cranberries, grapes, raspberries, and strawberries. If one type of fruit is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it. This has already been done for grapes and bananas, since they are so common around the world.
(1) What words refer to growing fruit?
pick, press, juice, fruit juice
Growing grapes
Use this domain for words related to growing grapes.
(1) What words refer to growing grapes?
grape, pick, vine, vineyard, prune, winepress, cluster, wine, grape juice
Growing bananas
Use this domain for words related to growing bananas.
(1) What words refer to growing bananas?
banana, stalk, flower, finger, hand, bunch, pulp, prune, leaf, leaf stem, stem
Growing grass
Use this domain for words related to growing grass, such as sod, hay, alfalfa, bamboo, papyrus, sugarcane, and tobacco. If one type of grass is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it. This has already been done for sugarcane and tobacco, since they are so common around the world.
(1) What words refer to growing grass?
sod, hay, alfalfa, mow, haystack, bale
Growing sugarcane
Use this domain for words related to growing sugarcane.
(1) What words refer to growing sugarcane?
sugarcane, press, juice, pulp, boil, sugar
Growing tobacco
Use this domain for words related to growing tobacco.
(1) What words refer to growing tobacco?
tobacco, leaf, dry, rack, cut
Growing flowers
Use this domain for words related to growing flowers. If one type of flower is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it.
(1) What words refer to growing flowers?
growing flowers, floriculture, flower, prune, pick flower, gardening, garden, flower garden, flowering plants
Growing trees
Use this domain for words related to growing trees. If one crop is cultivated extensively and there are many words related to it, set up a separate domain for it. This has already been done for coconuts and coffee, since they are so common around the world.
(1) What words refer to growing trees?
prune, seedling, graft
Growing coconuts
Use this domain for words related to growing coconuts.
(1) What words refer to growing coconuts?
coconut, husk, shell, copra, milk, dry
Growing coffee
Use this domain for words related to growing coffee.
(1) What words refer to growing coffee?
bean, dry, grind
Land preparation
Use this domain for words related to preparing land for planting crops.
(1) What words refer to preparing a field?
prepare field, clear field
(2) What is a prepared field called?
Clear a field
Use this domain for words related to clearing a field.
(1) What words refer to clearing a field?
clear a field, burn grass, slash and burn, uproot weeds, cut the grass
Plow a field
Use this domain for words related to plowing a field.
(1) What words refer to plowing a field?
plow, cultivate, dig, hoe, harrow, make a row, plow a furrow, break up soil
Fertilize a field
Use this domain for words related to fertilizing a field.
(1) What words refer to fertilizing a field?
fertilize, add fertilizer, fertilizer, fertile, manure
Plant a field
Use this domain for words related to planting a field.
(1) What words refer to planting seeds in a field?
cultivate, plant, seed (a field), sow seed, 
(2) What words refer to planting plants?
plant, plant vines, plant cuttings, transplant, 
(3) What words refer to the things that are planted?
seed, seedling, cutting
Tend a field
Use this domain for words related to tending a field.
(1) What words refer to tending a field?
tend a field, cultivate, weed, hoe, pull weeds, support a banana stalk, spray, insecticide
(2) What words refer to protecting a field from birds?
scarecrow, 
Cut grass
Use this domain for words related to cutting grass.
(1) What words refer to cutting grass?
cut grass, mow, scythe, clip
(2) What tools are used to cut grass?
machete, sickle, scythe, lawnmower, grass clippers
Uproot plants
Use this domain for words related to uprooting plants.
(1) What words refer to uprooting plants?
uproot, pull, dig out (stump), root out
(2) What words refer to uprooting weeds?
weed (v), hoe weeds, weed killer, herbicide, rake weeds, weed carelessly
Irrigate
Use this domain for words related to irrigating a field.
(1) What words refer to adding water to plants and fields?
to water, irrigate, irrigation
(2) What tools and machines are used to water plants?
irrigate, irrigation, irrigation canal, to water
Trim plants
Use this domain for words related to trimming plants.
(1) What words refer to trimming plants?
trim, prune, cut back, thin
(2) What tools are used to trim plants?
pruning hook, pruning shears
Neglect plants
Use this domain for words related to neglecting plants.
(1) What words refer to neglecting plants?
neglect, allow to grow wild, become overgrown, let the weeds grow
Harvest
Use this domain for words related to harvesting crops. If there is an important crop and there are a lot of words that refer to harvesting it, set up a special domain for it, such as 'Harvest rice' or 'Harvest coconuts'. If there is more than one such crop, set up a separate domain for each of them.
(1) What words refer to harvesting?
harvest, reap, gather in the harvest
(2) What special words are used for harvesting each crop?
harvest maize, harvest rice, harvest yams, harvest beans, pick fruit, pluck an apple, dig potatoes, pull carrots, cut vegetables
(3) What words refer to what is harvested?
crop, harvest, yield
(4) What tools and machines are used to harvest crops?
harvester
(5) What is done to a field after the crops are harvested?
lie fallow, animals graze, plow under plants
(6) What words describe a crop that is ready to harvest?
ripe
(7) What words refer to the time of harvest?
harvest, harvest time
First fruits
Use this domain for words referring to the first fruits or crops to be harvested.
(1) What words refer to the first fruits to be harvested?
first fruits, eat first of new crops
Crop failure
Use this domain for words related to crop failure.
(1) What words refer to crop failure?
crop failure, poor harvest
(2) What causes crop failure?
drought, blight, disease, locusts, insect plague, storm, exhausted soil, bad seed
(3) What results from crop failure?
famine, lean times
Gather wild plants
Use this domain for words related to gathering wild plants. In a hunter-gatherer culture this domain might need to be extensively developed.
(1) What words refer to gathering wild plants?
gather, collect, pick (berries)
Plant product
Use this domain for words referring to materials and substances that are taken from plants and used for various purposes. It is necessary to think through various types of plants to think of what materials are taken from each.
(1) What plant products are used for building?
wood
(2) What plant products are used for the roof of a building?
thatch, shingle
(3) What plant products are used for fibers, thread, and rope?
hemp, cotton
(4) What plant products are used for chemicals?
sap, rubber
(5) What plant products are used for burning?
firewood
Process harvest
Use this domain for words related to processing the harvest.
(1) What words refer to processing the harvest?
process harvest, shell groundnuts, shell beans, remove beans from pods, husk corn, remove leaves from maize cob, remove maize from the cob, dry, separate bad from good
Winnow grain
Use this domain for words related to winnowing grain--to separate the chaff from the grain.
(1) What words refer to winnowing grain?
winnow, winnowing basket, winnowing fork, winnowing floor, chaff, grain
Mill grain
Use this domain for words related to milling grain.
(1) What words refer to milling grain?
mill (v), grind
(2) What things are used to mill grain?
mill (n), 
(3) What crops are milled?
rice, wheat, maize
Thresh
Use this domain for words related to threshing grain.
(1) What words refer to threshing grain?
thresh, beat
(2) What crops are threshed?
beans
(3) Where is grain threshed?
threshing floor
Store the harvest
Use this domain for words related to storing the harvest.
(1) What words refer to storing the harvest?
store the harvest, store food, put in sacks, tie together, heap of grain, haystack, sheaf of grain
(2) What buildings and containers are used to store the harvest?
barn, granary, silo, grain sack
Farm worker
Use this domain for words related to farm workers.
(1) What words refer to a person who works on a farm?
farmer, farm worker, field hand, sharecropper, itinerant farm laborer, hired hand
Agricultural tool
Use this domain for words related to agricultural tools.
(1) What tools are used for cutting plants?
(2) What tools are used for digging?
hoe, shovel, spade
(3) What tools are used for plowing?
plow, plow blade
(4) What tools are used for fertilizing?
manure
(5) What words are used with each of these tools?
to prune, to hoe, to plow, to pull a plow, to guide a plow, to use a shovel, to dig with a hoe
(6) What are the parts of each tool?
tip, edge, handle, blade
Farmland
Use this domain for words related to farmland.
(1) What words refer to farmland?
farmland, farm, field, garden, cultivated land, agricultural land, plantation, plowed field, tilled field, field ready for harvest, harvested field, fallow field, ground prepared for planting
Animal husbandry
Use this domain for words related to animal husbandry--working with animals.
(1) What words refer to animal husbandry?
animal husbandry, tame, spray (for insects), brand, 
(2) What words are used of animal shelters and enclosures?
shelter, barn, shed, corral, pen, stall, manger
(3) Where do people keep birds?
birdcage, chicken coop
(4) Where do people keep fish?
fish tank, fishbowl, aquarium, fishpond
(5) Where do people keep insects?
beehive
(6) What words refer to breeding animals?
breed, crossbred, crossbreed, hybrid, interbred, mongrel, stud
Domesticated animal
Use this domain for words related to domesticated animals. Add extra domains for specific domesticated animals in your culture such as elephants in east Asia, camels in the Middle East, and llamas in South America.
(1) What words refer to a domesticated animal?
domesticated animal, livestock, pet
(2) What words refer to domesticating an animal?
domesticate, tame, break (horse)
(3) What words describe an animal that has been domesticated?
domesticated, tamed, broken in
(4) What animals are commonly domesticated?
cow, goat, sheep, horse, donkey, dog, cat, chicken, duck, goose, turkey
Cattle
Use this domain for words related to cattle and the care of cattle.
(1) What words refer to cattle?
cattle, bovine
(2) What words refer to male or female cattle?
bull, cow
(3) What words refer to young cattle?
calf, bullock, heifer
(4) What words refer to a castrated bull?
ox, steer
(5) What types of cows are there?
Angus, aurochs, Brahma, Guernsey, Holstein, Jersey, longhorn, shorthorn
(6) What are the parts of a cow?
udder
(7) How do cattle eat?
graze, chew the cud
(8) What sounds do cows make?
(9) Where are cows kept?
cow pasture, cattle range, cow barn, cowshed, stall
(10) What do cows produce?
milk, blood, meat
(11) What is the meat of a cow called?
beef, steak, hamburger, minced meat, rump roast, fillet
Sheep
Use this domain for words related to sheep.
(1) What words refer to sheep?
sheep
(2) What words refer to male or female sheep?
ram, ewe
(3) What words refer to young sheep?
lamb
(4) What words refer to a castrated sheep?
wether,
(5) What are the parts of a sheep?
wool
(6) What words refer to shearing a sheep?
shear, fleece, karakul
(7) What sounds do sheep make?
(8) Where are sheep kept?
pasture, range, pen, fold, sheepfold
(9) What is a group of sheep called?
flock
Goat
Use this domain for words related to goats.
(1) What words refer to goats?
goat
(2) What words refer to male or female goats?
billy, he-goat, nanny, she-goat
(3) What words refer to young goats?
kid
(4) What sounds do goats make?
bleat, 
(5) Where are goats kept?
pasture, range, enclosure
(6) What is a group of goats called?
flock, herd
(7) What is a person called who takes care of goats?
goatherd
Pig
Use this domain for words related to pigs.
(1) What words refer to pigs?
pig, hog, swine
(2) What words refer to male or female pigs?
boar, sow
(3) What words refer to young pigs?
piglet, suckling
(4) What do pigs eat?
slop
(5) What do pigs do?
wallow, root, feed
(6) What sounds do pigs make?
grunt, squeal, snort
(7) What is the meat of a pig called?
pork, sausage, ham, pork chop, gammon steak, pork tenderloin
(8) Where are pigs kept?
pigsty, sty, pigpen, barn, shed, stall
Dog
Use this domain for words related to dogs.
(1) What words refer to dogs?
dog, hound, canine, stray, cur, mangy
(2) What words refer to male or female dogs?
bitch
(3) What words refer to young dogs?
puppy, pup, whelp
(4) What types of dogs are there?
basset, beagle, bloodhound, boxer, bulldog, Chihuahua, collie, dachshund, Doberman, German shepherd, greyhound, husky, Pekinese, poodle, retriever, setter, spaniel, terrier
(5) What sounds do dogs make?
bark, howl, yap, growl
(6) Where are dogs kept?
doghouse, kennel
Cat
Use this domain for words related to cats.
(1) What words refer to cats?
cat, feline
(2) What words refer to male or female cats?
tom, tomcat
(3) What words refer to young cats?
kitten
(4) What words refer to types of cats?
Angora, longhaired, shorthaired, Persian, Siamese, tabby
(5) What do cats do?
wash themselves, groom, hunt, stalk
(6) What sounds do cats make?
Beast of burden
Use this domain for words related to animals that are used as a beast of burden--either to ride, to carry loads, or to pull vehicles. The questions refer to horses, but can be applied to any animal.
(1) What types of beasts of burden are there?
beast of burden, horse, equine, donkey, burro, ass, mule, camel, llama, elephant, 
(2) What words refer to male or female horses?
stallion, mare
(3) What words refer to young horses?
colt, foal, filly
(4) What words refer to a castrated male horse?
gelding
(5) What types of horses are there?
Arabian, pinto, pony, thoroughbred, racehorse
(6) Where are horses kept?
stable, pasture, range, barn, shed, stall
(7) What equipment is used to ride or harness a horse?
saddle, bit, bridle, reins, harness, yoke
Tend herds in fields
Use this domain for words related to tending a herd in the fields.
(1) What words refer to tending a herd in the fields?
tend, graze, shepherd, herd, pasture, feed, look after animals
(2) What words refer to a person who tends animals?
herdsman, herder, cowboy, shepherd
(3) What tools are used to tend animals?
tether, rope, prod (stick to direct cattle), cowbell
(4) What words refer to a place where animals can eat grass?
pasture, field, range
Milk
Use this domain for words related to milking an animal.
(1) What words refer to milking an animal?
milk (v), milk (n), milk jug, bucket, dairy, dairy cow
Butcher, slaughter
Use this domain for words referring to killing animals and cutting them up for food.
(1) What words refer to killing an animal?
kill, butcher, slaughter, destroy, put down, put away, put something out of its misery, 
(2) What words refer to skinning an animal?
skin, flay
(3) What words refer to cutting up an animal?
butcher, butchery, dress (meat)
(4) What words refer to a place where animals are butchered?
slaughterhouse, butchery, 
Wool production
Use this domain for words related to wool production--cutting the hair off of a sheep.
(1) What words refer to cutting the hair off of a sheep?
wool, shear, fleece
Poultry raising
Use this domain for words related to raising birds.
(1) What birds are domesticated?
poultry, chicken, duck, goose, turkey, pigeon, canary, parrot, guinea fowl
(2) Where are domesticated birds kept?
hen house, duck pond, birdcage
(3) What words refer to collecting eggs?
gather eggs, collect eggs
(4) What words refer to pulling the feathers off of a dead bird?
pluck
Chicken
Use this domain for words related to chickens.
(1) What words refer to chickens?
chicken, rooster, cock, hen, chick
(2) Where are chickens kept?
chicken coop, coop, henhouse, roost
(3) What do chickens do?
scratch, roost
(4) What noises do chickens make?
cluck, crow, cock-a-doodle-doo, cheep
Animal products
Use this domain for words related to animal products.
(1) What useful things are produced by animals?
hide, meat, blood, milk, eggs, wool, skins, leather, bone meal, fat, tallow, grease, horn, blood, feathers, down, silk
Veterinary science
Use this domain for words related to treating animal diseases.
(1) What words refer to treating animal diseases?
veterinarian, veterinary, animal diseases
Animal diseases
Use this domain for words related to animal diseases.
(1) What types of animal diseases are there?
hoof and mouth, cowpox
Castrate animal
Use this domain for words related to castrating animals. There are sometimes specific terms for castrated animals, such as 'steer--a male cow that has been castrated before maturity'.
(1) What words refer to castrating an animal?
castrate, spay, neutered
(2) What words refer to a castrated animal?
steer, ox (castrated bull), gelding
Hunt and fish
Use this domain for words related to hunting and fishing--catching and killing wild animals.
(1) What general words refer to hunting wild animals?
hunt, trap, fish
Hunt
Use this domain for words related to hunting wild animals.
(1) What words refer to hunting animals?
hunt (v), hunt (n), lay in wait, blind, decoy, animal call, bag an animal, strike to cause injury, strike hard, kill, flush an animal out of hiding, to suddenly come out of hiding, search, hide, capture, chase away, aim, miss target, shoot, hit target, nick
(2) What weapons are used to hunt animals?
spear, hunting bow, arrow, poison for arrow, quiver, hunting net, club, gun
(3) How are the weapons cared for?
sharpen
(4) Where do people hunt?
hunting grounds
(5) What words refer to hunting with dogs?
hunt with dog, hunting dog, hunting dog bell, take up the chase, catch the scent, follow the scent, corner an animal, tree an animal, bay (sound of a dog when following an animal)
Track an animal
Use this domain for words related to tracking an animal.
(1) What words refer to following a wild animal?
track, follow, read the signs, stalk, trail, chase
(2) What words refer to the marks left by an animal on the ground?
track, print, footprint, paw print, hoof print, sign, trail
Trap
Use this domain for words related to trapping an animal.
(1) What kinds of traps are there?
trap, snare, pit
(2) What words refer to setting a trap?
lay a trap, set a snare, dig a pit
(3) What words refer to catching something in a trap?
catch, trap, snare
(4) What words refer to being caught in a trap?
fall into (a pit)
(5) What words refer to escaping from a trap?
escape
Hunting birds
Use this domain for words related to hunting birds.
(1) What words refer to hunting birds?
hunt for birds, snare, fowling, look for bird's nest
Beekeeping
Use this domain for words related to keeping bees.
(1) What words refer to keeping bees?
beekeeping, beekeeper, suit, hive, bee, honey, honeycomb, wax, queen, drone, worker, nectar, sting, smoke
(2) What words refer to collecting honey?
collect honey
Fishing
Use this domain for words related to catching fish.
(1) What words refer to catching fish?
to fish, to catch (fish), a catch (of fish), fishing boat
(2) What methods are used to catch fish?
net, hook, angle, trap, spear, arrow, harpoon, poison, dynamite, trawling, fishpond
(3) What do people do to fish?
catch, scale, gut, clean, smoke, dry, smoked fish, dried fish
Fish with net
Use this domain for words related to fishing with a net.
(1) What words refer to fishing with a net?
cast, throw, pull in, bring in, mend net, dry net
(2) What equipment is used to fish with a net?
fishnet, net
(3) What words refer to the fish that are caught?
a catch of fish
Fish with hooks
Use this domain for words related to fishing with a hook and line.
(1) What words refer to catching fish with a hook?
fish, trawl, fly-fishing, cast, bait the hook
Fishing equipment
Use this domain for words related to fishing equipment.
(1) What equipment is used to catch fish?
fishing equipment, fishing gear, net, hook, fishhook, line, sinker, float, rod, reel, tackle, boat, dam, trap, bait
Things done to animals
Use this domain for words related to things done to animals.
(1) What things are done to animals?
ride
(2) What words refer to someone moving animals?
herd, shoo away, scare off
(3) What words refer to catching (but not killing) animals?
catch, capture, trap
(4) What words refer to killing animals?
hunt, trap, snare, burn out, 
(5) What words are used for killing birds?
snare
(6) What words are used for killing insects?
swat, fumigate, spray, flyswatter, bug spray
(7) What words are used for killing fish?
fish, fish for, hook, net, spear, bait, 
(8) What words are used of killing all animals?
exterminate, become extinct, extinction, wipe out
(9) What words are used for processing dead animals?
butcher, skin, pluck feathers, render, 
(10) What words are used for taming animals?
tame, domesticate, train, pet
(11) What words refer to calling to an animal?
bird call
(12) What words are used for animals that perform a special task?
watchdog, performing (animal), seeing eye dog, police dog, hunting dog
(13) What special events feature animals?
circus, cockfight, bullfight
(14) What special places are reserved for animals?
cage, birdcage, zoo, park, reserve, preserve
Working with buildings
Use this domain for words related to working with buildings.
(1) What general words refer to making a building?
build, construct
(2) What are the steps in building a building?
design, draft, draw up the plans, survey, excavate (the foundation), 
(3) What are the people called who build buildings?
construction worker, architect, draftsman, builder, roofer, carpenter, plumber, electrician, bricklayer, mason, cabinetmaker, painter, landscaper, surveyor, 
(4) What special equipment is used to build a building?
scaffolding
(5) What words refer to constructing a wall?
frame, erect a wall, put up siding, plaster, mud and wattle
(6) What words refer to constructing a roof?
to roof, a roof, roofing material
Building
Use this domain for words related to buildings and other large structures that people build.
(1) What types of buildings are there?
building, structure, construction, kitchen house, bathhouse, outhouse, latrine, outbuilding, bank, elevator, gallery, garage, gazebo, hospital, library, lighthouse, mausoleum, museum, outbuilding, observatory, pavilion, pyramid, rotunda, skyscraper, tabernacle, tower, 
(2) What kinds of buildings are used by animals?
barn, shed, hen house, coop, kennel, pound, doghouse, stable, 
(3) What kinds of buildings are used for work and to make things?
office, factory, shop, laboratory, plant, greenhouse, 
(4) What kinds of buildings are used  to store things?
barn, granary, grain silo, warehouse, storehouse, safe, shed, treasury, 
(5) What kinds of buildings are used  to sell things?
store, shop, shopping center, mall, kiosk, supermarket, 
(6) What kinds of buildings are used by the government?
courthouse, Parliament house, government headquarters, castle, palace, 
(7) What kinds of buildings are used by the police?
police station, jail, prison, jailhouse, cell, 
(8) What kinds of buildings are used by the military?
military base, guardhouse, barracks, fort, blockhouse, bomb shelter, watchtower, lookout, bunker, 
(9) What kinds of buildings are used by travelers?
station, railroad station, bus station, gas station, petrol station, rest area, parking lot
(10) What kinds of buildings are used by travelers for sleeping?
hotel, motel, inn, hostel, lodge, 
(11) What kinds of buildings are used by travelers for eating?
restaurant, bar, pub, tavern, 
(12) What kinds of buildings are found at airports?
hangar, control tower, terminal, 
(13) What kinds of buildings are used for meetings?
assembly hall, auditorium, center, hall, community center, 
(14) What kinds of buildings are used for watching games and shows?
theater, cinema, stadium, amphitheater, arena, ballpark, bullring, coliseum, racetrack, hippodrome, 
(15) What kinds of buildings are used for schools?
school, schoolhouse, university, library, dormitory, conservatory, 
(16) What kinds of buildings are used in religion?
church, synagogue, mosque, temple, shrine, cathedral, monastery, convent, cloister, nunnery, abbey, chapel, parsonage, sanctuary, basilica, pagoda, tabernacle, 
(17) What kinds of buildings are made to remind people of something or someone?
monument, megalith, mound, obelisk, ziggurat, 
(18) What words describe different kinds of buildings?
enclosed, open, multi-story, high-rise, 
House
Use this domain for general words referring to a house where people live.
(1) What general words refer to a house where people live?
dwelling, house, home, abode, habitation, residence, homestead, settlement, compound, place
(2) What kinds of houses are there?
bungalow, mansion, duplex, apartment
(3) What words refer to a description of the location of a house?
address
(4) What words refer to the inside of a house?
inside, indoors, indoor, interior
Types of houses
Use this domain for words referring to types of houses.
(1) What types of houses are there?
rectangular, round, one story, two story, duplex, bungalow, apartment, apartment building, flat, duplex, ranch style, mansion, castle, man's house, wife's house, 
(2) What is a very good house called?
palace, mansion, sprawling (place)
(3) What is a very bad house called?
dump, run down place, shack, hut, log cabin
(4) What is a temporary house called?
tent, shelter, hut, camp
(5) What other buildings are associated with the house and built next to it?
outhouse, bunkhouse, garage, shed, barn
Land, property
Use this domain for words related to land that a person owns or the land on which a house is built.
(1) What words refer to the land that a person owns?
land, property, piece of property, plot, section, estate, site, building site
(2) What words refer to the boundary of a piece of property?
property line, boundary marker
(3) What words refer to going onto someone's property without permission?
trespass, trespasser
(4) What words refer to the person who owns the land?
landowner, landlord, owner
(5) What words refer to a person who sells land?
real estate agent
(6) What words refer to the official document that shows who owns the land?
title, deed
Yard
Use this domain for words referring to the outside of a house, the area around a house, a barrier separating one house from another, and the entryway to the area around a house.
(1) What words refer to the area around a building?
premises, grounds, compound, 
(2) What words refer to the area around a house?
yard, front yard, back yard, patio, courtyard, garden, driveway, sidewalk, outside, 
Fence, wall
Use this domain for words referring to a fence, wall, hedge, or other barrier separating one house from another, and a gate or entryway through a fence or wall.
(1) What words refer to a fence or wall?
wall, fence, hedge
(2) What words refer to a gate?
gate, gateway, entrance, 
(3) What words refer to an area that has a fence around it?
enclosure, 
(4) What words describe an area that has a fence around it?
walled, enclosed, 
Parts of a building
Use this domain for words referring to the parts and areas of a building.
(1) What words refer to the parts of a building?
structure, section, part, wing, rotunda, pillar, column, arch, archway, tower, foundation, floor, roof, room, wall, door, window, entrance, exit, passage, hall, corridor, courtyard, 
(2) What words refer to the side of a building?
side, front, back, 
(3) What words refer to the inside or outside of a building?
inside, interior, outside, exterior, 
Wall
Use this domain for words related to walls.
(1) What words refer to the side of a house?
wall, side of the house
(2) What are the parts of a wall?
frame, siding, insulation, arch
Roof
Use this domain for words related to a roof.
(1) What words refer to the top of a house?
roof, ceiling
(2) What are the parts of a roof?
rafter, truss, center pole, ridgepole, eaves, rain gutter, peak, corner, dormer window, chimney
(3) What is the area called formed by the sides of the roof?
attic
Floor
Use this domain for words related to a floor.
(1) What words refer to the bottom of a house?
floor
(2) What do people cover their floors with?
carpet, carpeted, rug, throw rug, floor mat, rushes, straw mat
Door
Use this domain for words related to a door.
(1) What words refer to the entrance to a house?
door, doorway, entrance, entry way
(2) What kinds of doors are there?
front door, back door, side door, screen door, double doors, glass door, sliding door
(3) What are the parts of a door?
doorknob, door handle, lock, key, bolt, hinge, doornail, threshold, doorsill, doorstep, doormat, doorframe, lintel, doorpost, doorbell
(4) What words are used when a visitor comes to the door?
knock, ring (the doorbell), answer (the door)
(5) What is a person called who guards the door or gate, and answers when visitors come?
doorkeeper, doorman, butler, gatekeeper, watchman, guard
(6) What do people do to a door?
open, close, swing close, slam, walk through, leave by, lock, unlock, bolt, block, hang, install
Window
Use this domain for words related to a window.
(1) What words refer to a window?
window
(2) What are the parts of a window?
window frame, windowsill, windowpane, window screen, glass, curtain, curtain rod, blind, shade, gable, shutter
(3) What do people do to a window?
open, close, look out, view
Foundation
Use this domain for words related to the foundation of a building.
(1) What words refer to the foundation of a building?
foundation
(2) How does someone build a foundation?
dig a foundation, lay a foundation, build a foundation, pour a (concrete) foundation
(3) What words describe how good a foundation is?
good foundation, firm foundation, even foundation, proper foundation, weak foundation
Room
Use this domain for words related to the rooms of a building.
(1) What general words refer to a room in a building?
room
(2) What kinds of rooms are there in a house?
room, living room, sitting room, parlor, dining room, bedroom, kitchen, closet, hall, passage, passageway, entry, pantry, garage, storeroom, storage room, laundry room, utility room, den, study, family room, breakfast nook, billiard room, conservatory, library, stair, stairway, stairwell, stairs, porch, front porch, back porch, patio, balcony, basement, attic, workroom, workshop, guestroom, guest bedroom, 
(3) What words refer to the room where the toilet is?
toilet, bathroom, loo, john, rest room, wash room, men's room, ladies' room, lavatory, WC, 
(4) What kinds of rooms are there in an office?
office, reception area, atrium, foyer
(5) What kinds of rooms are there in a store?
display room, display area, storeroom, office, back room, delivery area
(6) What kinds of rooms are there in a religious building (church, mosque, synagogue, temple)?
foyer, sanctuary, meeting hall, worship center, baptistery, classroom, pastor's study, vestibule, belfry, choir loft, balcony
Floor, story
Use this domain for words related to the levels of a building.
(1) What words refer to the levels in a building?
floor, story, level, 
(2) What words refer to particular levels in a building?
basement, ground floor, first floor, second floor, upstairs, downstairs, 
(3) What words refer to stairs and other ways of climbing to a higher level?
stair, step, rung (of a ladder), staircase, stairway, stairwell, stairs, flight of stairs, elevator, lift, escalator, fire escape, ladder, banister, handrail, landing, ramp, 
Building materials
Use this domain for words related to the materials used to make a building.
(1) What materials are used to make a building?
rafter, pole, center pole, horizontal pole, pillar, roofing, tin sheet, thatch, leaf roof, shingle, brick, iron rod, mud, reed, wattle, paint, board, beam
(2) What materials are used to make walls?
wood, brick, cement, plaster, drywall, mud and wattle, clay, cow dung, reinforcing sticks
(3) What kinds of materials are used for bricks?
mud, clay, cement, straw, mortar, sun-dried, burned, fired, kiln-dried
(4) What materials are used to paint a house?
paint, varnish, lacquer, whitewash
(5) What materials are used to make a roof?
roofing material, tile roof, tile, tin roof, tin sheet, shingle, wooden shingle, asphalt shingle, shake, thatched roof, thatch, grass roof, grass, straw, palm leaf, sod, canvas (tent)
(6) What materials are used to make a floor?
flooring, wooden floor, linoleum, tile floor, dirt floor, cement floor, cow dung
(7) What materials are used to make doors and windows?
wood, glass, screen
(8) What materials are used to make a foundation?
foundation stone, cornerstone
Building equipment and maintenance
Use this domain for words referring to the equipment and maintenance of a building.
(1) What words refer to taking care of a building?
maintain, maintenance
(2) What words refer to a person who takes care of a building?
janitor
(3) What words refer to the equipment used to take care of a building?
vacuum cleaner, broom, mop
(4) What words describe a building that is in good condition?
solid, solidly built, sound, 
(5) What words describe a building that is not in good condition?
disrepair, derelict, 
(6) What words refer to a building falling down?
fall down, collapse, in ruins, 
(7) What words refer to repairing a building?
repair, restore, restoration, fix up, 
Infrastructure
Use this domain for words related to infrastructure--the big things people make that many people use, such as roads, electric power lines, and water supply systems.
(1) What words refer to the things the government builds to provide for the needs of the public?
infrastructure, public works, park
Road
Use this domain for words related to a road.
(1) What types of roads are there?
road, street, lane, path, footpath, way, avenue, boulevard, highway, freeway, thoroughfare, divided highway, paved road, dirt road, improved road, unimproved road
(2) What words are used to describe when two roads come together?
corner, cross street, fork, intersection, juncture, pedestrian crossing, interchange, overpass, underpass, exit
(3) What words refer to a bridge?
bridge, 
(4) What words refer to a tunnel?
tunnel
(5) What are the parts of a road?
center line, shoulder, edge, median, lane, passing lane, bed, roadbed, surface, pavement, sidewalk, curb
(6) What words are used for the signs and markers on a road?
sign, signpost, marker, line, speed bump, reflector
(7) What words are used for making a road?
build a road, lay a new road, build up the bed, pave
(8) What words are used to describe a bad road?
pothole, road gone to pot, rutted, washboard, dusty, rough, broken pavement, cracked pavement, worn pavement, full of holes, in need of repair
(9) What words are used of fixing a road?
road repairs, repaving, repairing, fixing, detour, fill holes, patching holes
(10) What words refer to people and vehicles traveling on a road?
traffic
Boundary
Use this domain for words related to the boundary of an area.
(1) What words refer to the boundary of an area?
boundary, border, 
Occupation
Use this domain for words related to occupations.
(1) What words refer to a person's occupation?
occupation, job, living, work, employment, profession, trade
(2) What are the occupations in agriculture?
farmer, palm tree climber
(3) What are the occupations in animal husbandry?
shepherd, herdsman, 
(4) What are the occupations in hunting and fishing?
hunter, fisherman, honey gatherer
(5) What are the occupations in medicine?
doctor, nurse, medicine man, midwife, medical technician, pharmacist, herbalist, witchdoctor
(6) What are the occupations in hotel management?
hotel owner, concierge, porter, desk clerk
(7) What are the occupations in administration?
business man, secretary, treasurer, accountant
(8) What are the occupations in manufacturing?
mechanic, potter, tailor, weaver, blacksmith
(9) What are the occupations in building?
carpenter, bricklayer
(10) What are the occupations in trading?
storekeeper, shopkeeper, trader, merchant
(11) What are the occupations in food preparation?
cook, butcher, baker, restaurant owner, waiter
(12) What are the occupations in politics?
president, MP, congressman, senator, legislator, cabinet member, minister, ambassador, civil servant, lawyer, lobbyist, tax collector, customs officer
(13) What are the occupations in childcare?
homemaker, children's caretaker, nursery worker, nurse (for children), nanny
(14) What are the occupations in religion?
pastor, priest, clergyman, diviner
(15) What are the occupations in transportation?
chauffeur, driver, truck driver, cab driver, porter, loader, mover, dispatcher, captain of ship, sailor, pilot, copilot, navigator, steward, stewardess
(16) What are the occupations in the police and military?
policeman, guard, watchman, soldier, officer
(17) What is a person called who is very good at his job?
expert, skilled worker, master craftsman, leader in his field, specialist
(18) What words are used of finding a job?
look for a job, find a job, find employment, job hunting
(19) What words are used of doing a job?
do a job, make a living, perform a task
Working with cloth
Use this domain for words related to working with cloth.
(1) What words are used for the craft?
tailoring, spinning, sewing, weaving, knitting, rope making, embroidery, cordage
(2) What words are used for the activity?
sew, spin thread, embroider, knit, crochet, mend, patch
(3) What are the steps in the process?
design, cut out, assemble, stitch, tie, hem
(4) Who does the activity?
tailor, seamstress, weaver
(5) What materials are used?
sisal, cotton, wool
(6) What things are made?
thread, yarn, rope, mat, cloth, clothes
(7) What tools are used?
needle, knitting needle, spinning wheel, sewing machine, pins, scissors, tape measure
Cloth
Use this domain for words related to cloth.
(1) What words refer to cloth?
cloth, fabric
(2) What words describe cloth?
soft, coarse
(3) What words describe the material cloth is made from?
cotton, wool, nylon, polyester, silk
Spinning thread
Use this domain for words related to spinning thread.
(1) What words refer to spinning thread?
spin
(2) What tools and machines are used to spin thread?
spinning wheel, distaff, spindle, bobbin, spool, 
(3) What types of thread are there?
fiber, thread, yarn, string, cord, rope
Knitting
Use this domain for words related to knitting.
(1) What words refer to knitting?
knit, crochet, needlepoint, embroidery
(2) What things are used to knit?
needle, pattern, 
(3) What words refer to a single stitch?
stitch, knit, purl, 
(4) What words refer to something that has been knitted?
knitting, knitwear, 
(5) What words described something that has been knitted?
knitted, 
Weaving cloth
Use this domain for words related to weaving cloth.
(1) What words refer to weaving?
weave, 
(2) What words refer to someone who weaves?
weaver, 
(3) What tools are used to weave?
loom, 
(4) What are the parts of a loom?
shuttle, 
(5) What words describe cloth that has been made by weaving?
woven, 
(6) What words describe a woven pattern?
plaid, tartan, 
Working with minerals
Use this domain for words related to working with minerals.
(1) What words refer to working with minerals?
mineral, miner
Mining
Use this domain for words related to mining.
(1) What words refer to digging minerals out of the ground?
mine (v), quarry (v)
(2) What words refer to a place where minerals are mined?
mine (n), gold mine, coal mine, strip mine, quarry (n), mother lode, deposit, vein, coalfield
(3) What are the parts of a mine?
mine shaft, tailings, entrance, head
(4) What words refer to looking for minerals?
prospecting, pan for gold
(5) What words refer to finding minerals?
eureka, strike it rich
(6) What words refer to a person who mines?
miner, prospector
(7) What tools and machines are used in mining?
pan, sluice, Geiger counter, metal detector, pick, rock hammer
Smelting
Use this domain for words related to smelting--melting rocks to get metal out of them.
(1) What words refer to melting rocks to get metal out of them?
smelt (metal ore), melt
(2) What words refer to rocks that have metal in them?
ore
(3) What tools and equipment are used to get metal out of rocks?
furnace, forge, crucible
(4) What words refer to the material left over after metal has been taken out of rocks?
slag, slagheap, dross
Working with metal
Use this domain for words related to working with metal. Answer each question below for each kind of smith.
(1) What is a person called who works with metal?
smith, blacksmith (iron), goldsmith, silversmith, tinsmith, tinker, jeweler, welder
(2) What does a blacksmith do?
work with (iron), forge, cast, shape, mold, heat, melt, weld, solder, hammer, work the bellows, hit with hammer, beat, plate
(3) What raw materials does a blacksmith use?
ore, iron, steel, metal, solder, scrap metal
(4) What does a blacksmith make?
metal work, jewelry
(5) What tools does a blacksmith use?
hammer, anvil, tongs, forge, furnace, bellows
(6) What words refer to a place where people work with metal?
blacksmith shop, foundry, steelworks
(7) What words refer to a piece of metal?
nugget, bar, rod, ingot, wire
Working with clay
Use this domain for words related to working with clay.
(1) What does a potter do with clay?
mold, shape, form, throw a pot, 
(2) What words refer to heating clay to make it hard?
fire a pot, 
(3) What is a person called who works with clay?
potter
(4) What words refer to clay?
clay, lump of clay
(5) What things are made out of clay?
ceramics, pottery, clay pot, clay pipe, clay idol, brick, tile
(6) What tools are used to work with clay?
potter's wheel, sponge, kiln, brick form, form for tile, mold
(7) Where does a potter work?
workshop, potter's field
Working with glass
Use this domain for words related to working with glass.
(1) What does the potter do with the glass?
blow, mold, shape, form, anneal
(2) What is a person called who works with glass?
glass blower
(3) What words are used to refer to the glass?
glass, crystal
(4) What things are made out of glass?
drinking glass, window, mirror, glasses, lens
(5) What tools are used to work with glass?
furnace, pipe
Working with oil and gas
Use this domain for words related to working with oil and gas.
(1) What words refer to working with oil and gas?
petroleum industry, oil company
(2) What words refer to drilling for oil and gas?
drill for oil, extract, strike oil, gusher
(3) What words refer to an oil or gas well?
oil well, gas well, oil field
(4) What words refer to refining oil?
refine
(5) What tools and machines are used for working with oil and gas?
oil rig, oil platform, refinery
(6) What tools and machines are used for moving oil and gas?
pipeline, pump, oil tanker, tank, tanker truck
Working with stone
Use this domain for words related to working with stone.
(1) What words refer to working with stone?
masonry, sculpture, carve
(2) What words refer to a person who works with stone?
stonemason, sculptor, stone cutter
(3) What materials does a stonemason work with?
stone, marble
(4) What tools does a stonemason work with?
hammer, chisel
(5) What words refer to a place where stone is dug out of the ground?
quarry
Working with bricks
Use this domain for words related to working with bricks.
(1) What words refer to working with bricks?
brickwork, lay bricks
(2) What words refer to a person who works with bricks?
mason, bricklayer
(3) What materials does a bricklayer work with?
cement, mortar
Working with chemicals
Use this domain for words related to working with chemicals.
(1) What words refer to working with chemicals?
(2) What words refer to a person who works with chemicals?
chemist, alchemist
(3) What tools are used to work with chemicals?
test tube, beaker, Bunsen burner, periodic table, formula, catalyst
(4) What words refer to elements?
atom, atomic, element, electron, neutron, nuclear, proton
(5) What words refer to chemicals?
chemical, compound, molecule, molecular, radical, valence
(6) What types of chemicals are there?
acid, base, alkali, biochemical, organic, inorganic, synthetic, plastic
(7) What are the names of specific chemicals?
acetate, alcohol, amino, ammonia, arsenic, asbestos, bicarbonate, butane, camphor, carbohydrate, chloride, chlorine, cleaner, cleanser, colloidal, creosote, cyanide, detergent, diesel, dioxide, emulsion, enamel, ethane, ethanol, ether, fluoride, fluorite, fuel, gas, gel, helium, hydrogen, iodine, leaven, hydrocarbon, hydrochloric, gasohol, gasoline, glycerin, kerosene, lacquer, latex, lithium, lubricant, methane, neon, nitrogen, nylon, oil, oxide, oxygen, ozone, paraffin, peroxide, phosgene, petrochemical, petrol, petrolatum, petroleum, polyester, protein, rayon, resin, rosin, yeast, silicate, silicon, sodium, solution, sol, solvent, spar, sulfuric, tallow, tannin, tartar, thinner, turpentine, varnish, vitriol, water
Explode
Use this domain for words related to bombs or chemicals exploding.
(1) What words refer to bombs or chemicals exploding?
explode, blow up, detonate
Working with wood
Use this domain for words related to working with wood.
(1) What words refer to working with wood?
carpentry, to saw, to plane, to hammer, to nail, to chisel, sharpen, fit, carve, drive a screw, to screw, hollow out a log, chop in pieces
(2) What words refer to a person who works with wood?
carpenter
(3) What materials does a carpenter work with?
wood, sawdust, shavings, chips
(4) What tools does a carpenter work with?
saw (n), saw kerf, saw horse, plane (n), hammer (n), nail (n), chisel (n), mortise and tenon, screwdriver, screw (n), sawhorse
(5) Where does a carpenter work?
carpentry shop
Lumbering
Use this domain for words related to lumbering--cutting down trees and cutting them up.
(1) What words refer to lumbering?
lumbering, forestry, lumber industry
(2) What activities are involved in lumbering?
harvest lumber, cut down, chop down, to log, wood cutting, clear cut, fell a tree
(3) What words refer to a person involved in lumbering?
lumberjack, woodcutter
(4) What words refer to the trees that are cut down?
tree, timber
(5) What are the products of lumbering?
timber, log
(6) What tools are used in lumbering?
saw, ax, logging truck
Wood
Use this domain for words related to wood.
(1) What words refer to wood?
lumber, wood, grain, beam, board, plank, plywood, shavings, splinter, pole, post, rod
(2) What words describe something made of wood?
wooden
Working with paper
Use this domain for words related to paper.
(1) What words refer to working with paper?
paper industry
(2) What words refer to paper?
paper, sheet, page, card, cardboard
Crafts
Use this domain for words related to crafts.
(1) What general words refer to working with materials?
craft
Cordage
Use this domain for words related to working with cords and ropes.
(1) What words refer to working with cords and ropes?
cordage, knot, lashing, macramé, 
(2) What words refer to something becoming unraveled?
unravel, come unraveled, be all unraveled, ravel
Weaving baskets and mats
Use this domain for words related to weaving baskets, mats, and other things.
(2) What things are woven?
basket, mat, net, hat
(3) What materials are used to weave things?
reed, palm leaf, rope, string
(4) What words refer to woven material?
network, weaving
Working with leather
Use this domain for words related to working with leather.
(1) What words refer to working with leather?
work with skins, tan leather, cure skins, taxidermy
(2) What things are made from leather?
skin, leather, leather goods, parchment
Working with bone
Use this domain for words related to working with bone.
(1) What words refer to working with bones?
(2) What words refer to things made from bones?
bone, horn, shell
Art
Use this domain for words related to art.
(1) What words refer to art in general?
art
(2) What types of art are there?
paint, draw, sculpture, carve, design
(3) What words refer to producing art?
paint, draw, design, composition, brush, painting, medium
(4) What words refer to an artist?
artist, painter
(5) What types of paintings are there?
portrait, landscape, seascape, still life
Draw, paint
Use this domain for words related to drawing and painting pictures.
(1) What words refer to drawing or painting?
draw, paint, sketch, doodle, scribble, trace, 
(2) What words refer to a person who draws or paints?
painter, artist, 
(3) What words refer to something that has been drawn or painted?
picture, painting, drawing, sketch, illustration, study, portrait, landscape, cartoon, caricature, 
(4) What tools and materials are used to draw a picture?
pencil, charcoal, eraser, paper
(5) What tools and materials are used to paint a picture?
paint, brush, palette, easel, canvas, medium, tempera, distemper, 
Photography
Use this domain for words related to photography.
(1) What words refer to photography in general?
photography, picture taking
(2) What words are used of taking a picture?
to photograph, take a picture, to film
(3) What words refer to a photograph?
photograph, photo, picture, shot, mug shot, snap, portrait, landscape, 
(4) What words refer to a camera?
camera, video camera
(5) What are the parts of a camera?
lens, body, shutter, filter, film, film canister, tripod, flash
Sculpture
Use this domain for words related to sculpture.
(1) What words refer to carving something?
carve, sculpt, carve a sculpture, mold a figurine
(2) What words refer to a person who carves something?
carver, sculptor
(3) What words refer to something that has been carved?
carving, sculpture, model
(4) What tools and materials are used to carve a sculpture?
chisel, hammer, marble, clay
Working with land
Use this domain for words related to working with land.
(1) What words refer to working with land?
land use
(2) What words refer to finding the boundaries of land?
survey, surveyor, 
(3) What words refer to moving dirt?
dig, plow, grade, level, 
(4) What tools and machines are used to move dirt?
shovel, hoe, wheelbarrow, spade, pickax, plow, grader, bulldozer, steam shovel, backhoe, steam roller, earth moving equipment, 
(5) What words refer to land that has a special use?
park
Working with water
Use this domain for words related to working with water.
(1) What words refer to digging a well?
dig (a well), drill (a well), sink (a bore hole)
(2) What words are used for storing water?
reservoir, cistern, water tank, water barrel, bucket, jerry can, water tower
(3) What words are used of a system of water transportation?
canal, water-way, navigation channel, lock, dock
(4) What words refer to using waterpower?
water-power, water mill, water-wheel
(5) What words are used of generating electricity using waterpower?
dam, hydroelectric power plant, electric generating plant, dynamo
(6) What words are used of removing water from something?
sieve, drain, press, extract, strain
Plumber
Use this domain for words related to working with water pipes.
(1) What words refer to a person who works on water pipes?
plumber
(2) What words refer to a system of pipes?
plumbing, pipes
(3) What are the parts of a system of pipes?
pipe, water pipe, valve, faucet, joint, elbow, sections of pipe, water main, water meter, drain, sink
(4) What words refer to a leaky pipe?
leak, leaky pipe, dripping faucet
(5) What words refer to working on the plumbing?
put in plumbing, fix a pipe, fix a leak, to thread a pipe
Conveying water
Use this domain for words related to conveying water--moving water from one place to another place.
(1) What words refer to the things used to transport water?
waterworks, canal, ditch, dam, cistern, pipe, pump, siphon
(2) What words are used for transporting clean water?
aqueduct, canal, culvert
(3) What words are used for transporting dirty water?
ditch, drainage ditch, sewer
(4) What words refer to drawing water from a well?
draw water, draft
(5) What words refer to canals used to convey water?
canal, aqueduct, ditch
(6) What means are used to raise water?
windmill, pump, pump house, pumping station, lock
(7) What containers are used to hold water?
cistern, bucket, pitcher
(8) What words refer to making water flow through a pipe?
pump, siphon, suck, suction
Controlling water
Use this domain for words related to controlling the movement of water.
(1) What words refer to stopping the flow of water?
dam, block, stop up, divert, dike, flood control
(2) What words refer to a dam used to stop the flow of water?
dam, dike, levee
Working in the sea
Use this domain for words related to working in the sea.
(1) What other work is done in the sea?
growing seaweed, scuba diving, pearl diving, offshore drilling, fishpond
Working with machines
Use this domain for words related to working with machines.
(1) What words refer to working with machines?
manufacturing, operate
(2) What words refer to machines?
machine, machinery, hardware, computer
(3) What words refer to a person who works with machines?
mechanic, machinist, operator, engineer
Working with electricity
Use this domain for words related to working with electricity.
(1) What words refer to working with electricity?
electrical work
(2) What words refer to a person who works with electricity?
electrician
(3) What words refer to electricity?
electricity, electric, electronic, positive, negative, terminal, socket, plug, wire, power, pole, transformer, hydroelectric
(4) What words refer to batteries?
battery, 
Tool
Use this domain for general words for tools and machines. The domains in this section should be used for general tools and machines that are used in a variety of tasks. Specialized tools and machines should be classified under the specific work or activity for which they are used.
(1) What general words refer to tools?
tool, implement, utensil, device, instrument, gadget, hardware, paraphernalia, 
(2) What words refer to a set of tools?
kit, tool kit
(3) What words refer to a container for tools?
toolbox, tool cabinet
(4) What tools are used for climbing?
ladder, stepladder, rope ladder, rung, step, 
(5) What words refer to all the tools and other things you need to do a job?
equipment, apparatus, gear, kit, things, stuff, tools, 
Cutting tool
Use this domain for words related to cutting tools.
(1) What types of cutting tools are there?
knife, paring knife, butcher knife, jackknife, pocketknife, hunting knife, ax, hatchet, saw, blade, razor blade, scissors, wire-cutters
Poking tool
Use this domain for words related to poking tools--tools used to make holes in things.
(1) What words refer to tools used for poking holes in things?
awl, drill, punch, pin
(2) What words are used to describe the actions done with these tools?
poke, dig, jab, pierce, prick, stick
Digging tool
Use this domain for words related to digging tools.
(1) What types of digging tools are there?
hoe, pick, shovel, spade
Pounding tool
Use this domain for words related to pounding tools.
(1) What types of pounding tools are there?
hammer, mallet, club, pestle
pound, hit, smack, club
Carrying tool
Use this domain for words related to carrying tools.
(1) What tools are used for carrying things?
pole, pack, backpack, suitcase, case, briefcase, sling, stretcher, tray, grass ring for head, carrying basket for back, rope, string, liana
Lifting tool
Use this domain for words referring to tools used to lift things.
(1) What tools are used for lifting things?
lever, pulley, block and tackle
Fastening tool
Use this domain for words related to fastening tools.
(1) What words refer to something used to join things together?
adhesive, band, belt, binder, binding, bolt, bond, brace, bracket, brad, buckle, button, cable, cement, chain, cinch, clamp, clasp, clip, clothespin, cord, cotter, coupler, dowel, fastener, fastening, fetter, glue, gum, guy, handcuff, hasp, hemp, hinge, hitch, hook, knot, lace, lacing, lariat, lashing, lasso, latch, line, linkage, lock, loop, manacle, mooring, nail, nut, padlock, paste, peg, pin, safety pin, straight pin, plaster, putty, rivet, rope, screw, shackle, shoelace, shoestring, snap, solder, staple, stay, stitch, stocks, strap, string, tack, tape, thong, thread, thumbtack, truss, twine, wedge, wire, wrap, wrapping, yarn, zipper
(2) What words refer to a tool used to join things together?
screwdriver, 
Holding tool
Use this domain for words related to holding tools--tools used to grip and hold things so that they don't move, and tools used to hold things that you can't hold with your hand, such as very hot things.
(1) What tools are used for holding things?
clamp, vise, pliers, tongs, tweezers, hot pad, 
Container
Use this domain for words related to containers.
(1) What words refer to a container?
container, vessel, bowl, pot, receptacle, bottle, box, crate, barrel, bucket, can, case, suitcase, chest, chamber pot, 
contain, hold, carry
(3) What words refer to what is in a container?
contents
(4) What words refer to the parts of a container?
lid, lip, neck
Bag
Use this domain for words related to bags.
(1) What words refer to bags?
bag, purse
Sheath
Use this domain for words related to a sheath--a container for a weapon.
(1) What words refer to sheaths?
sheath, holster
Parts of tools
Use this domain for words referring to parts of tools and machines. You need to think of different tools and machines, and think of each part.
(1) What words refer to parts of tools?
shaft, head, gear, lever, fulcrum, switch, key, spring
(2) What are the parts of a knife?
handle, hilt, guard, blade, edge, tip, back, flat
(3) What are the parts of a hammer?
handle, neck, head, claw
(4) What are the parts of a saw?
handle, blade, teeth
Machine
Use this domain for words referring to machines.
(1) What words refer to machines?
machine, mechanics, machinery, apparatus, engine, motor
(2) What words refer to types of machines?
pump, generator, grinder, mill, computer, 
(3) What words refer to machines used in homes?
appliance, refrigerator, stove, oven
(4) What words refer to when a machine is working?
be on, run, operate, work
(5) What words refer to when a machine is not working?
be off, break down, broken
(6) What words refer to starting a machine?
start, turn on, switch on, ignition
(7) What words refer to stopping a machine?
stop, turn off, shut down
Finance
Use this domain for words related to finance.
(1) What words refer to finance?
finance, financial, monetary, fiscal
Have wealth
Use this domain for words related to having wealth.
(1) What words refer to having wealth?
have, possess, own
(2) What words refer to the things a person owns?
possessions, property
(3) What words refer to the person who owns something?
owner
Own, possess
Use this domain for words related to owning something.
(1) What words refer to owning something?
own, possess, have, belong to
(2) What words refer to the person who owns something?
owner, 
(3) What words refer to claiming something as your own?
call, claim, have dibs, lay claim to, stake a claim 
Rich
Use this domain for words related to being rich.
(1) What words refer to being rich?
be wealthy, be rich, rich person, the rich, the wealth, the upper class, live comfortable, be well-off, well-to-do
(2) What words describe someone who is rich?
rich, wealthy, affluent, prosperous, well-off, privileged, 
(3) What words describe someone who is very rich?
fabulous wealth, filthy rich, millionaire, billionaire
(4) What words refer to someone who has enough but is not rich or poor?
middle class, bourgeois
Poor
Use this domain for words related to being poor.
(1) What words refer to being poor?
be poor, be below the poverty line, hardship case
(2) What words describe someone who is poor?
poor (person, man), destitute (person), needy, bankrupt, broke, needy, underprivileged, impoverished, 
(3) What words are used for very bad poverty?
destitute, abject poverty, owns nothing but the clothes on his back
(4) What words refer to the condition of being poor?
poverty, 
(5) What is a poor person called?
poor person, tramp, bum, hobo, beggar, homeless person
(6) What are poor people called?
the poor, the homeless, the destitute
Store wealth
Use this domain for words related to storing wealth.
(1) What words are used of storing wealth?
store, put it away, stash it away
(2) What words are used of saving wealth?
save, invest
(3) What is stored wealth called?
wealth, savings, investments
(4) Where is wealth stored?
bank, storehouse, vault, safe, piggy bank, cookie jar, cash box, wallet, purse, money belt, under the mattress
Possession, property
Use this domain for words related to property--the things you own.
(1) What words refer to something that is owned?
possession, 
(2) What words refer to the things you own?
property, wealth, riches, belongings, real estate
Accumulate wealth
Use this domain for words related to accumulating wealth.
(1) What words refer to accumulating wealth?
accumulate, acquire, get rich, prosper
Produce wealth
Use this domain for words related to producing wealth.
(1) What words refer to producing wealth?
produce, make, manufacture, supply
Make profit
Use this domain for words related to making a profit.
(1) What words refer to making a profit?
make a profit, profitable, make a killing, take in, gain
(2) What words refer to profit?
profit, income, take (n)
Lose wealth
Use this domain for words related to losing wealth.
(1) What words refer to losing wealth?
lose (wealth), lose your business, lose your shirt, loss, suffer loss, fail to make a profit, go bankrupt, fall behind, fall into debt, be unprofitable
Frugal
Use this domain for words related to being frugal--to not spend a lot of money.
(1) What words refer to not wanting to spend money?
frugal, thrifty, careful with your money, economical
(2) What words refer to spending less money?
economize, tighten your belt, budget, scrimp and save, on a shoestring, skimp by on, scrape by
Greedy
Use this domain for words related to being greedy.
(1) What words refer to wanting more money?
greedy, greed, grasping, materialistic
Collect
Use this domain for words related to collecting things you find interesting. In some cultures people collect rare or valuable things that they think are attractive or interesting, such as art, stamps, coins, books, or antiques.
(1) What words refer to collecting things?
collect, acquire, 
(2) What words refer to someone who collects things?
collector, 
(3) What words refer to things that someone has collected?
collection, set, 
Earn
Use this domain for words related to earning money for work that you do.
(1) What words refer to earning money?
earn, be paid, get paid, make, get, be on, gross, 
(2) What words refer to earning a certain amount of money after taxes have been taken out?
take home, net, clear, 
(3) What words refer to earning enough to pay for what you need?
earn a living, make a living, support yourself, earn your keep, 
(4) What words refer to earning a lot of money?
make good money, be highly paid, be well paid, make a fortune, rake it in, 
(5) What words refer to the money you earn?
pay, salary, wages, earnings, income, wage, 
(6) What words refer to someone who earns money?
the breadwinner, wage-earner, salaried, on a salary, 
Share wealth
Use this domain for words related to sharing wealth with others.
(1) What words refer to sharing wealth with others?
share, hand out, give out, distribute, dish out, dole out, give away, give to charity, give to the poor, donate, make a donation
Give, donate
Use this domain for words referring to giving something to someone, in which there is a transference of ownership.
(1) What words refer to giving something to someone?
give, give away, donate, let someone have, offer, spare, 
(2) What words refer to officially giving something to someone?
allocate, allot, award, confer, grant, present, 
(3) What words refer to giving something to poor people?
give, give away, donate, go to, make a donation, subscribe to, 
(4) What words refer to giving many things to someone?
be generous, lavish something on, shower, 
(5) What words refer to someone who gives?
giver, benefactor, donor, philanthropist, 
(6) What words refer to something that is given?
gift, present, prize, reward, 
(7) What words refer to something that is given to poor people?
charity, donation, handout, 
Generous
Use this domain for words related to being generous.
(1) What words refer to being generous?
be generous, be kind, be gracious, be charitable, generosity, charity, charitable giving
Stingy
Use this domain for words related to being stingy.
(1) What words refer to refusing to share?
hoard, parsimony
(2) What words describe a person who refuses to share?
stingy, avaricious, parsimonious, miserly
(3) What words refer to a person who refuses to share?
miser
Beg
Use this domain for words related to begging--for a poor person to ask other people to give them money, food, or other things.
(1) What words refer to begging?
beg, beg for, panhandle, bum, mooch off, ask alms
(2) What words refer to someone who begs?
beggar, mendicant, scrounger, parasite, panhandler, bum
(3) What words refer to giving to a beggar?
give alms, 
(4) What words refer to something someone gives to a beggar?
alms, contribution, charity, 
Financial transaction
Use this domain for words related to financial transactions.
(1) What general words refer to financial transactions?
transact, transaction
Buy
Use this domain for words related to buying something.
(1) What words refer to buying something?
buy, purchase, pick up (at the store)
(2) What words refer to someone who buys something?
buyer, customer
(3) What words refer to something that is bought?
purchase, merchandise, goods
Sell
Use this domain for words related to selling something.
(1) What words refer to selling something?
sell, offer (for purchase), to market
Price
Use this domain for words related to the price of something--how much money you have to pay to buy something.
(1) What words refer to the price of something?
cost, price, value, charge, rate, wage, expense, 
(2) What words refer to setting a price for something?
price, set price, fix price, raise price, lower price, value, charge
(3) What words do people use when they ask the price of something?
Expensive
Use this domain for words related to an expensive price.
(1) What words refer to a price that seems high?
expensive, high, dear, costly
Cheap
Use this domain for words related to a cheap price.
(1) What words refer to a price that seems low?
cheap, low, inexpensive, great price, bargain, on sale, deal (n)
Free of charge
Use this domain for words related to something being free of charge--something you can have without paying for it.
(1) What words describe something that is free?
free, free of charge, cost nothing, complementary, no charge
Bargain
Use this domain for words related to bargaining over the price of something.
(1) What words refer to bargaining over a price?
bargain, negotiate a price, haggle, discount, 
Pay
Use this domain for words related to paying money for something.
(1) What words refer to paying money for something?
pay, payment, remunerate, remuneration
(2) What words refer to a piece of paper that says how much you must pay?
bill
(3) What words refer to a piece of paper that says you have paid for something?
receipt, ticket
Hire, rent
Use this domain for words related to hiring or renting something--to pay money so that you can use something that belongs to someone else.
(1) What words refer to hiring something?
hire, rent, hireling, rental, to contract out, subcontract, tenancy
(2) What words refer to something that has been hired?
hired hand, employee
(3) What words refer to someone who rents a house?
tenant
Spend
Use this domain for words related to spending money.
(1) What words refer to spending money?
spend, pay, give
(2) What words refer to spending lots of money?
spend a lot, go to great expense, spare no expense, shell out, go through, eat up
(3) What words refer to spending money carelessly?
squander, blow, waste, scatter
(4) What words describe someone who spends lots of money carelessly?
extravagant, spendthrift, big spender
(5) What words refer to not spending a lot of money?
economize, scrimp and save, budget, tighten your belt, live on a shoestring
(6) What words describe someone who does not spend a lot of money?
thrifty, economical, frugal, careful with your money
(7) What words describe how much you spend?
expenses, expenditure, spending, outlay, overhead, costs, budget
Store, marketplace
Use this domain for words related to a store or marketplace where things are sold.
(1) What words refer to a place where things are sold?
marketplace, market (n), stall, booth, store, salesroom
(2) What words refer to a person who sells things?
salesman, clerk, shopkeeper, storekeeper
Exchange, trade
Use this domain for words related to exchanging or trading things.
(1) What words refer to trading one thing for another?
trade (v), trade (n), exchange (v), exchange (n), swap, barter, 
Borrow
Use this domain for words related to borrowing something.
(1) What words refer to borrowing something?
borrow, have the use of
(2) What words refer to borrowing money?
borrow, take out a loan
(3) What words refer to renting something?
rent, hire, lease, charter
(4) What words refer to the money that is borrowed?
loan, mortgage, debt
Lend
Use this domain for words related to lending something.
(1) What words refer to lending something?
lend, loan, invest
Give pledge, bond
Use this domain for words related to giving a pledge to replay a loan.
(1) What words refer to giving a pledge to repay a loan?
give a pledge, bond, collateral, earnest, put up collateral, promissory note, lien, credit, security, surety
Owe
Use this domain for words related to owing money.
(1) What words refer to owing money?
owe, be in debt, have a debt, heavily in debt
(2) What words refer to the money you owe?
debt, indebtedness, 
Repay debt
Use this domain for words related to repaying a debt.
(1) What words refer to repaying a debt?
repay, return, restore (to rightful owner)
Credit
Use this domain for words referring to credit--when a lending institution, such as a bank, has some of your money, so they owe you something.
(1) What words refer to credit?
credit, account, place to your credit, to the account of, deposit
Money
Use this domain for words related to money.
(1) What words refer to money?
money, currency, finance, financial, bill, denomination, bread (slang), coin, bill, check, cash
Monetary units
Use this domain for words related to monetary units.
(1) What are the units of currency?
cent, penny, nickel, dime, quarter, half dollar, dollar, silver dollar, greenback, bill, C note, pence, pound
Accounting
Use this domain for words related to accounting--to keep records of money.
(1) What words refer to accounting?
accounting, account, accountant, CPA, ledger
Tax
Use this domain for words related to tax.
(1) What words refer to tax?
tax, taxes, taxation, tax collector, tribute
(2) What words refer to charging tax?
to tax, charge tax, levy taxes, taxation, impose
(3) What words refer to owing tax?
owe tax
(4) What words refer to paying tax?
pay taxes
(5) What words refer to the government agency that is responsible for taxes?
Internal Revenue Service
Dishonest financial practices
Use this domain for words related to dishonest financial practices.
(1) What words refer to dishonest financial practices?
dishonest, unscrupulous, fraud, corruption, graft, malfeasance, vice
(2) What words refer to making fake money?
counterfeit, counterfeiter, counterfeit bill, bogus
Steal
Use this domain for words related to stealing something--to take something that does not belong to you.
(1) What words refer to stealing something?
steal, filch, help yourself to, lift, nick, pinch, purloin, rip off, rustle, take, walk off with, 
(2) What words refer to stealing something that is not very valuable?
pilfer, snitch, swipe, petty larceny, 
(3) What words refer to stealing things from a house or store?
burgle, burglarize, hold up, knock over, loot, rob (a bank), shoplift, 
(4) What words refer to stealing something from a person?
rob, mug, pickpocket, pick someone's pocket, snatch someone's purse, 
(5) What words refer to stealing money from your job?
embezzle, misappropriate, have your fingers in the till, embezzlement, corruption, abscond with the money, skim profits, 
(6) What words refer to stealing a vehicle?
carjacking, hijack, hijacked, hijacking, piracy, 
(7) What do robbers do in order to steal things?
break in, break down the door, case a joint, crack a safe, pick a lock, 
(8) What words refer to the crime of stealing?
stealing, burglary, larceny, robbery, shoplifting, theft, 
(9) What words refer to the act of stealing?
banditry, break-in, breaking and entering, embezzlement, hold-up, jewel heist, job, misappropriation, mugging, purse snatching, pick pocketing, pilferage, pilfering, racketeering, raid, robbery, snatch, stick-up, theft, 
(10) What words refer to a person who steals?
bandit, burglar, cutpurse, embezzler, gangster, highwayman, hijacker, kleptomaniac, mugger, pickpocket, pilferer, pirate, plunderer, purse-snatcher, robber, bank robber, train robber, shoplifter, stealer, thief, jewel thief, 
(11) What words describe someone who steals?
light-fingered, thieving, 
(12) What words refer to something that is stolen?
loot, the goods, stolen goods, haul, hot items, tainted money
(13) What words describe something that is stolen?
hot, pirated, stolen, 
(14) What do robbers do with the things they steal?
fence stolen goods, launder money, bury treasure
(15) What tools are used by robbers?
gun, knife, pick, safe cracking tools, skeleton key, mask, gloves, get away car
(16) What words refer to catching a thief?
caught red-handed
Cheat
Use this domain for words related to cheating someone.
(1) What words refer to cheating someone?
cheat, chisel, deceive, defraud, fraud, greed, impose yourself on, maneuver, scheme, swindle, take someone, trick, 
Extort money
Use this domain for words related to extorting money--forcing someone to give you money on a regular basis by threatening them with some harm.
(1) What words refer to extorting money?
extort, extortion, racket, racketeering, organized crime
Take by force
Use this domain for words related to taking something by force.
(1) What words refer to taking something by force?
take by force, snatch, ransack, plunder, pillage
Bribe
Use this domain for money given to a person to do something bad.
(1) What words refer to bribing someone?
bribe, offer a bribe, give a bribe, take a bribe, bribery, corrupt, corruption, kickback, money under the table
(2) What words refer to money given to a person for betraying or murdering someone.
murder money, blood money, cursed money
Smuggle
Use this domain for words related to smuggling--taking something secretly into a country, something which is illegal or without paying duty.
(1) What words refer to smuggling?
smuggle, smuggling
(2) What words refer to someone who smuggles?
smuggler
(3) What words refer to something that is smuggled?
contraband
Business organization
Use this domain for words related to business organization.
(1) What general words refer to business?
business, organization, company, industry, industrial, enterprise, establishment, firm, institution
(2) What words refer to part of a business?
office, department
(3) What words refer to the place where a business works?
office, factory, plant
(4) What words refer to the way an organization is organized?
system, structure, network, framework, apparatus, mechanism, set-up
Management
Use this domain for words related to managing something.
(1) What words refer to managing something?
organization, management, administration, direct, manage, regulate, 
Work for someone
Use this domain for words related to working for someone.
(1) What words refer to working for someone?
work for, be employed, have a job, be in the employ of, 
(2) What words refer to a person who works for someone?
employee, hired hand, worker, labor, 
(3) What words refer to hiring someone?
hire, employ
(4) What words refer to a person who hires someone?
employer, boss, management
(5) What words refer to getting a job?
get a job, find work, 
(6) What words refer to a person's job?
job, employment
(7) What words refer to the money a person receives for his work?
wages, salary, income, benefits
(8) What words refer to the practice of having people work at special jobs?
division of labor, specialization, specialist
(9) What words refer to an organization of workers?
labor union, farmers cooperative, collective bargaining, labor relations
(10) What words refer to firing an employee?
fire someone, send packing, dismiss, show the door to, give the sack to, lay off, discharge, let go
(11) What words refer to being fired from a job?
get the sack, get the ax, lose your job, be laid off
(12) What words refer to going on strike?
strike (v), go on strike, strike (n), striker, 
Marketing
Use this domain for words related to the promotion of trade and sales.
(1) What words refer to a person who tries to get people to buy something?
salesman, merchant
(2) What words refer to trying to get someone to buy something?
marketing, advertisement, sales promotion, slogan, wholesale, retail, service, mercantile, commerce, salesmanship, merchandising
(3) What words refer to an organization of sellers?
guild, trade association, chamber of commerce
Commerce
Use this domain for words related to commerce--taking something to a place and trying to sell it there.
(1) What words refer to commerce?
trade (v), trade (n), domestic trade, foreign trade, commerce, commercial
(2) What words refer to a person who takes something somewhere to sell it?
merchant, trader, salesman
Economics
Use this domain for words related to economics--the study of the money, trade, and industry of a country.
(1) What words refer to the study of money and wealth?
economics
(2) What words refer to the economic system of a country?
economy
(3) What words refer to a person who studies the economy?
economist
(4) What words refer to different kinds of economic systems?
capitalism, capitalist, socialism, socialist, communism, communist, free enterprise, private enterprise, free-market economy
(5) What words refer to how much money a country has?
gross national product
(6) What words describe a good economy?
boom, prosper, prosperous, prosperity, bull market
(7) What words describe a bad economy?
depression, recession, inflation, crash, slump, bear market
Insurance
Use this domain for words related to insurance.
(1) What words refer to insurance?
insure, insurance, premium
Physical actions
Use this domain for general words for physical actions--moving yourself, moving things, and changing things.
(1) What general words refer to physical actions?
act, action, active, activity, do, event, process
Posture
Use this domain for general words indicating the posture or stance of a person's body. Use the domains in this section for specific words for postures and for moving parts of the body. Many of these words have two meanings. One meaning is stative, indicating that the body is in a particular posture, but not moving. The other meaning is active, indicating that the person is moving his body into a particular posture. Some of these words can be used of animals or even things, if the things are perceived as being similar in posture to that of a human body.
(1) What general words refer to a person's posture?
posture, stance, pose, position
(2) What general words refer to changing your posture?
change your posture/stance, pose, shift, squirm
Stand
Use this domain for words related to standing. The words in this domain may include whether the person is standing on one foot or two, whether the person's feet are together or placed apart, whether something is between the person's feet, how fast the person stands up.
(1) What words refer to being in a standing position?
stand, be standing, be on your feet
(2) What words refer to standing up from a sitting or lying position?
stand, stand up, rise (to your feet), get up, get to your feet, jump to your feet, leap up, leap out of the chair, pick yourself up
(3) How do people stand?
stand on one leg, straddle, stand on tiptoes
(4) What words refer to causing someone to stand?
stand someone up, raise someone to their feet, help someone up
(5) What words refer to standing near something?
stand around, stand together
(6) How do you order someone to stand?
on your feet
Sit
Use this domain for words referring to sitting and squatting.
(1) What words refer to being in a sitting position?
be sitting, be seated
(2) What words describe how a person is sitting?
sit with your legs crossed, sit cross-legged, sit back, settle back, sit up, sit up straight, sit forward, be on the edge of your seat, sit astride, straddle, sit still, sit around, curl up, perch
(3) What words refer to sitting down from a standing position?
sit, sit down, be seated, take your seat
(4) What words refer to sitting up from a lying position?
sit up
(5) What words describe how a person sits down?
sit slowly, sink (down) into, ease into your chair, lower oneself, sit abruptly, flop down, plunk down, plop down
(6) What words refer to causing someone to sit?
seat someone, show someone to their seat
(7) What words refer to squatting?
squat (down), sit on your haunches, sit back on your heels
(8) What words refer to sitting on something?
sit on, mount
(9) What words refer to the place where you sit?
seat, perch, place
(10) What do you say to someone when you want them to sit down?
sit down, take a seat, have a seat, please be seated
Lie down
Use this domain for words referring to lying down.
(1) What words refer to lying down from a standing or sitting positions?
lie, lie down, lie back, recline, stretch out, sprawl, prostrate
(2) What words describe how a person lies down?
flop down, fall into bed
(3) What words refer to being in a lying position?
lie, be lying down, lay, be prone, recumbent, repose
(4) What words describe how a person is lying?
lie on your back/front/side, stretched out, spread-eagled, sprawled, flat out, reclining
(5) What words refer to getting up from lying down?
get up, get out of bed, sit up
(6) What words refer to causing someone to lie down?
lay someone (down/somewhere)
(7) What words refer to the place where a person lies?
bed
Kneel
Use this domain for words referring to kneeling.
(1) What words refer to kneeling down?
kneel, kneel down, get down on your knees, bend the knee, go down on one knee, sink to your knees
(2) What words refer to being in a kneeling position?
be kneeling, be down on your knees
Bow
Use this domain for words referring to bowing to someone--to face someone and lower your head or bend at the waist so that your upper body is lowered. The words in this domain should all be symbolic acts, that is, the culture assigns a meaning and significance to the physical action. Some cultures define it as a greeting, as an act of respect, or as an act of submission. For instance in ancient middle eastern culture bowing was an act of submission done in the presence of the king. Failure to bow was an act of rebellion punishable by death. In far eastern culture it is a greeting. In African culture it is an act of respect or done to welcome a visitor. Cultures define how a person is to bow, for instance how they are to hold their hands. A person may bow while standing, or may kneel, or even prostrate himself flat on his face. Whether both people bow is also significant. The depth of the bow can have significance. In Japan the person of lower social rank must bow deeper. In European culture a performer bows to acknowledge applause.
(1) What words refer to bowing?
bow, bow down, bow to/before someone
(2) What words describe how a person bows?
sweeping bow, bow low, deep bow, slight bow, bow your head, his head fell, incline your head, nod, curtsy, genuflect, kowtow, prostrate, grovel
(3) What words indicate the significance of the bow?
obeisance, worship, bow in submission/reverence/greeting
Lean
Use this domain for words describing a person who is leaning.
(1) What words refer to leaning against something?
lean, lean on, lean against, lean back, rest against, recline
(2) What words describe something that is leaning?
leaning, lean forward, lean towards, lean over
Straight posture
Use this domain for words referring to straight posture--holding your body straight, stiff, or erect, rather than relaxed.
(1) What words describe someone who is in a straight posture?
straight posture, stand at attention, stand/sit stiffly, erect
(2) What words refer to changing your posture so that it is straight?
straighten up, sit up straight, stand up straight
Relaxed posture
Use this domain for words describing a relaxed posture.
(1) What words refer to a relaxed posture?
relaxed (posture), (stand/be) at ease, be a slouch, slouch around, lounge, sprawl, droop, sag, loll
(2) What words refer to changing your posture so that it is relaxed?
relax (your posture), slouch, lean back, slump
Bend down
Use this domain for words referring to bending down--to bend your body so that it is closer to the ground (in order to see something, pick up something, or hide).
(1) What words refer to bending down?
bend, bend down, bend over, bob, bow, cower, crouch, double up, duck, get down, hunch, hunker down, lean over, scrunch, stoop, 
(2) What words describe someone who is bent over?
bent, stooped, hunched over, humpback, crooked, 
(3) What words refer to straightening up?
straighten up, rear up
Move a part of the body
Use this domain for words referring to moving various parts of the body.
(1) What words refer to moving a part of your body forward or out? 
extend, hold out, put out, stick out, stretch, 
(2) What words refer to moving the head?
shake, nod, throw (head) back, bow, hang, hold high, crane (neck), 
(3) What words refer to moving parts of the face (other than eyes, ears, nose, and mouth)?
raise (eyebrows), jut (chin)
(4) What words refer to moving your arms and shoulders?
shrug (shoulders), raise (arm), salute, shake (fist), clench (fist), fold (arms), cross (arms), crook (arm/finger), crack (knuckles), spread (arms/fingers), hold up your hands, fold your arms, cross your arms, 
(5) What words refer to moving your legs?
kick, stamp, bend, shake, twist (ankle), cross (your legs), wiggle (toes)
(6) What words refer to moving your torso?
sway (hips), rotate (hips), suck in (stomach), stick out (chest), straighten (back), bend (back), bow (at the waist), double up, twist, curl up, 
(7) What words refer to moving your muscles?
flex (muscles), ripple, contract, tighten, tense, relax, bunch up, cramp, twitch, stretch, tear, pull, bulge, spasm, convulsion, 
(8) What words refer to when your body shakes?
shake, quiver, tremble, have the chills, quake, shiver
(9) What words refer to moving suddenly?
jerk, twitch, 
Move
Use this domain for intransitive verbs of movement referring to moving your whole body to a different location. There are many components of meaning involved in verbs of movement. They can include a source location (from), a goal location (to), a path (along), manner (walk, run), speed (race, crawl), direction
(forward, back, side, up, down, toward, away from), shape of the path (straight, curve, circle, angle), relationship to some object or objects (on, hang, against, between, across, through, into, out of, onto, off of, around), proximity (near, far), multiple movements (back and forth, return, bounce), inclusion with other objects or parts of objects (join, leave, collect, disperse, unite, separate), volition (go versus drift), intransitive versus transitive (move versus move something). Some verbs of movement do not involve moving from one place to another, but express bodily movement.
(1) What general words refer to moving your body to a different location?
move, movement, change position, maneuver, jockey for position, budge
(2) What words refer to beginning to move?
stir, make a move
(3) What words describe something that is moving?
moving, be in motion
Manner of movement
Use this domain for general words referring to the way in which a person moves.
(1) What general words refer to the way in which a person moves?
gait
Walk
Use this domain for words related to walking--moving slowly using your legs.
(1) What general words refer to walking?
walk
(2) What words refer to traveling someplace on foot?
travel by foot, foot it, hoof it, leg it, tramp, strike off on foot
(3) What words refer to walking quickly?
speed walk, step out, stride, pace, rush
(4) What words refer to walking slowly?
walk slowly, stroll, amble, ramble, take a Sunday stroll, meander along, saunter, inch, lumber, plod, poke, slog, toddle, traipse, trudge
(5) What words refer to walking carefully?
walk carefully, watch your step, tread, pick your way, edge
(6) What words refer to walking quietly or secretly?
steal along, walk stealthily, sneak, pad, stalk, creep
(7) What words refer to walking on your toes?
tiptoe, walk on tiptoes
(8) What words refer to walking loudly?
stomp, clump
(9) What words refer to walking like a soldier?
march, parade, goose-step, in step
(10) What words refer to walking in various manners?
walk with a spring in your step, walk jauntily, swagger, flounce, mince, prance, saunter, strut
(11) What words refer to stepping on something?
step on, put foot on/in, tread on, stamp on, underfoot, 
(12) What words refer to a single step?
step, footstep, pace, 
(13) What words refer to the length of your step?
stride
(14) What words refer to the way in which a person walks?
gait, funny gait
(15) What words refer to measuring the length of something by counting your steps?
pace off
(16) What words refer to someone who walks?
walker, hiker, tramp, pedestrian, passer-by
(17) What words refer to a place where a person walks?
sidewalk, walkway, promenade, path, footpath, stepping-stone
(18) What words refer to a mark on the ground left by a person's foot?
footprint
(19) What words refer to the effect of walking on something?
trample, wear a path
(20) What words refer to the sound of someone walking?
footsteps
(21) What words refer to walking through water?
wade, paddle, slosh
(22) What words refer to a time when people walk for fun?
go for a walk, take a walk, go for a stroll, parade, procession, stretch your legs, hike, go hiking, trek, walk around
(23) What words refer to causing someone to walk?
take someone for a walk, walk the dog
(24) What words refer to a walking stick?
walking stick, cane, crutch
Run
Use this domain for words referring to running--moving fast on your legs.
(1) What general words refer to running?
run
(2) What words refer to running slowly?
trot, canter, jog, lope
(3) What words refer to running quickly?
race, gallop, dash, make a dash, tear (along), streak, double time, sprint, charge, dart, scurry, scuttle, scamper, scoot, stampede, bound, bolt
(4) What words refer to how fast you are running?
pace
(5) What words refer to beginning to run?
break into a run, set off on a run
(6) What words refer to running faster?
speed up, put on a spurt, kick
(7) What words refer to a race?
race, dash, marathon, long/short distance race, racecourse
(8) What words refer to being in pain because of running?
be out of breath, be winded, have a stitch (in your side)
Crawl
Use this domain for words referring to crawling--moving on your hands and knees or on your stomach.
(1) What words refer to crawling?
crawl, walk on your hand and knees, on all fours, scoot, drag, creep
Jump
Use this domain for words referring to jumping--moving your body off the ground by pushing hard with your legs.
(1) What words refer to jumping up and down in one place?
jump, jump up and down, bounce, leap, buck, bob, jump for joy
(2) What words refer to jumping from one place to another place?
jump up/down/off of/onto/out of the way, bound, spring, pounce, dive, jump overboard, somersault
(3) What words refer to jumping over something?
jump over, leap over, vault over, hurdle, clear, leapfrog
(4) What words refer to jumping on one leg?
hop, hop on one leg, hop around, skip, 
(5) What games involve jumping?
hopscotch, leap frog, gymnastics, high jump, broad jump, pole vault, bungee jumping, sky diving, parachuting
(6) What things are used to help people jump?
skipping rope, trampoline, pogo stick, springboard, parachute
Move quickly
Use this domain for words referring to moving quickly or slowly.
(1) What words refer to moving quickly?
move quickly, hurry, haste, hasten, rush, forge ahead, charge, barrel along, move like a bat out of hell, make a beeline for, boil, bolt, bustle, move along at a good clip, dart, double-time, fast, fire, flash, flat-out, fling, flit, fly, gallop, move like greased lightning, be really hopping, kick, lickety-split, plunge in, quick, race, rapid, rapidly, rapidity, run, rush, sail, scour, scud, shoot, move like sixty, skim, snappily, speed, stampede, streak, sweep, swift, swiftly, swing, tear, apace, tilt, vroom, whiz, wildfire, zip, zoom, at full speed, at top speed, express, make tracks, burn up the track
(2) What words refer to moving more quickly?
hurry up, speed up, pick up speed, increase your speed, accelerate, acceleration, (its) speed rose, step on it, step it up, snap it up, pick up the pace, give it some gas, look lively, quicken
(3) What words refer to continuing to move without trying to speed up or slow down?
coast, glide, float
(4) What words refer to how fast something is moving?
speed, pace, rate
(5) What words refer to moving quickly for a short time?
jerk, twitch, start, spasm, jump, snap, nip in, shoot, spurt, dash
(6) What idiophones are used of moving quickly?
zip, zoom, whiz, vroom, chop chop
Move slowly
Use this domain for words referring to moving slowly.
(1) What words refer to moving slowly?
crawl, move at a snail's pace, creep along, inch forward, poke along, slowpoke, drag, mosey along, slow motion, plod, dawdle
(2) What words refer to moving more slowly?
slow down, slow up, decelerate, coast to a stop, (its) speed fell, ease off, reduce your speed, decrease your speed, come to a stop
(3) What do you say to someone when you want him to slow down?
Slow down! Whoa! (horse) Wait, wait! Wait for me! Wait a minute! Can we slow down?
(4) What idiophones are used of moving slowly?
chug
Wander
Use this domain for words referring to wandering--to move slowly without any purpose or goal.
(1) What words refer to wandering?
wander, meander, ramble, roam, prowl, walk around
(2) What words refer to a person who wanders?
wanderer, vagabond, tramp, hobo
Graceful
Use this domain for words referring to moving in a graceful manner.
(1) What words describe someone who moves in a graceful way?
graceful, coordinated, elegant, light-footed, light on your feet, lithe, 
(2) What words describe graceful movements?
graceful, elegant, smooth, flowing, effortless, easy, with ease, 
(3) What words refer graceful movement?
grace, gracefulness, poise, elegance, coordination, 
Clumsy
Use this domain for words referring to moving in a clumsy manner.
(1) What words describe someone who moves in a clumsy way?
uncoordinated, awkward, ungainly, clumsy, gawky, inelegant, klutz, ungraceful, lumbering, have two left feet, gangling, 
(2) What words describe someone who is clumsy and often has accidents?
clumsy, klutz, be all thumbs, accident-prone, ham-fisted, bungling, bumbling, bull in a china shop, butterfingers, 
Walk with difficulty
Use this domain for words referring to walking with some difficulty such as stumbling--to miss your step because of hitting an object such as a stone, hole, or mud; staggering--to walk unsteadily because of weakness, illness, or drunkenness; or limping--to walk unevenly or with difficulty because of injury to a foot.
(1) What words refer to stumbling?
stumble, trip, trip and fall, slip
(2) What words refer to causing someone to stumble?
trip someone
(3) What words refer to staggering?
stagger, weave back and forth, reel, lurch
(4) What words refer to limping?
limp, hobble, shamble, shuffle, walk haltingly, walk with a cane, use crutches, get around
(5) What words describe someone who cannot walk well?
lame, disabled
(6) What things do people use to help them walk?
walker, cane, crutch, walking stick, wheelchair
Slip, slide
Use this domain for moving across a smooth or lubricated surface.
(1) What words refer to moving across a smooth or lubricated surface?
slip, slide, glide, coast, skim, skate
(2) What words describe a surface that something can easily slip on?
slippery, 
Steady, unsteady
Use this domain for words that refer to balancing yourself or something--when someone or something is able stand or move without falling.
(1) What words describe something that can move?
movable, mobile, mobility, portable, loose, fluid, free, 
(2) What words describe something that cannot move?
fixed, immovable, stuck, jammed, stiff, won't budge, can't budge something, can't move, immobile, paralyzed, stranded, entangled, caught, bound, permanent, rooted, entrenched, established, settled, set, 
(3) What words describe something that is easy to move?
unsteady, shaky, easily moved, unstable, unsettled, rickety, tottering, wobbly
(4) What words describe something that is difficult to move?
steady, firm, stable, 
Balance
(1) What words refer to balancing yourself?
balance, keep your balance, 
(2) What words refer to balancing something?
balance something, steady something, 
(3) What words refer to the ability to balance yourself?
balance (n), 
(4) What words refer to losing your balance?
lose your balance, totter, 
(5) What words describe something that is balanced?
steady, poised, 
(6) What words describe something that is not balanced?
unsteady, unstable, precarious, 
(7) What words refer to feeling like you are going to fall?
dizzy, giddy, vertigo, dizziness, someone's head is swimming, 
Move noisily
Use this domain for words referring to making a noise while moving.
(1) What words refer to making a noise while moving?
bang, buzz, chug, clack, clang, clank, clatter, click, clink, clump, clunk, crackle, crash, creak, crunch, fizz, gurgle, hiss, howl, patter, ping, purr, putter, roar, rumble, rustle, screech, splash, splutter, squelch, swish, thud, thump, thunder, wheeze, whine, whir, zing
Move in a direction
Use the domains in this section for words referring to moving in a direction related to the orientation of the person's body (not in relation to the position of the destination).
(1) What general words refer to moving in a direction?
head (in a direction), go (in a direction)
(2) What words refer to the direction in which a person is moving?
direction, heading, way, course
Move forward
Use this domain for words referring to moving in a forward direction--in the same direction the person is facing.
(1) What words refer to moving forward?
move forward, advance, move ahead, go ahead
Move back
Use this domain for words referring to moving in a backward direction--the person is facing one direction, but moving toward their back--to move in the opposite direction from the direction the person is facing.
(1) What words refer to moving backwards while still facing forward?
move back, back up, move backwards, move in reverse
Move sideways
Use this domain for words referring to moving in a sideways direction--the person is facing one direction, but moving toward their side.
(1) What words refer to moving sideways?
move sideways, make room for, move aside, move out of the way, get out of the way, move over, budge, shift
Move up
Use this domain for words referring to moving in an upward direction or to moving to a higher place.
(1) What words refer to moving up?
move up, go up, arise, hop up, lift yourself up, pull yourself up, jump, surge, go higher, get higher, levitate, 
(2) What words refer to moving up through the air?
rise, ascend, gain height, 
(3) What words refer to moving up into the air quickly?
fly up, soar, shoot up, 
(4) What words refer to climbing?
climb, scale, clamber, shin up, shinny up, 
(5) What words refer to moving onto something?
climb onto, get on, mount, embark, hop onto, jump onto, 
(6) What words refer to climbing over something?
climb over
(7) What words refer to the sun or moon  moving up in the sky?
come up, rise, 
(8) What words refer to an airplane moving up?
leave the ground, take off, lift off, blast-off, launch, 
(9) What words refer to the act of moving up?
rise (n), ascension, ascent, 
(10) What words refer to someone who moves up?
climber, mountaineer, mountain climber, rock-climber, 
(11) What words refer to the sport of climbing?
climbing, mountaineering, go climbing, rock-climbing, 
Move down
Use this domain for words referring to moving in a downward direction or to moving to a lower place.
(1) What words refer to moving down slowly or purposefully?
move down, go down, lower oneself, climb down, jump down, descend, descent
Fall
Use this domain for words referring to something falling--for something to move down under the influence of gravity.
(1) What words refer to falling?
fall, drop, fall on, 
(2) What words refer to accidentally falling from a high position?
fall off, take a fall, tumble, be thrown, 
(3) What words refer to falling from a very high position?
plunge, plummet, 
(4) What words refer to falling from a standing position?
fall down, fall over, have a fall, fall flat on your face, collapse, topple over, keel over, go head over heels, fall headlong, 
(5) What words refer to almost falling?
trip, slip, stumble, lose your balance, lose your footing, keep your balance, stay up, 
(6) What words refer to falling off of something?
fall from, fall out, come off, 
(7) What words refer to the act of falling?
fall (n), avalanche, 
(8) What words refer to slowly falling?
sink slowly, float down, drift down, settle, 
(9) What words refer to something like rain or leaves falling through the air?
fall, drop, come down, parachute, 
(10) What words refer to letting something fall?
drop, 
(11) What words refer to something falling onto its side?
fall over, topple over, tip over, 
(12) What words refer to a building falling?
fall down, collapse, fall in, cave in, 
(13) What words refer to causing someone to fall?
knock down, push over, trip, knock someone to the ground, bring down, 
(14) What words refer to causing something to fall?
knock over, upset, tip over, overturn, 
(15) What words refer to water falling?
cascade, cataract, pour, precipitate, shower, 
(16) What words refer to falling into water?
sink, fall overboard, plunge into, fall into, plop, plunk, 
(17) What words refer to the force that causes things to fall?
gravity, 
(18) What words refer to keeping something from falling?
hold up, prop up, brace, 
Turn
Use this domain for words referring to turning and changing the direction in which one is moving.
(1) What words refer to turning?
turn, change direction/course, deviate, go off at an angle, swerve, 
(2) What words refer to turning around and moving in the opposite direction?
turn around, reverse direction, retreat, go back, retire to the rear
Move in a circle
Use this domain for words referring to continually changing the direction you are facing in until you are once again facing in the same direction, e.g. moving in a circle, moving around something, or rotating.
(1) What words refer to moving around in a circle?
move in a circle, curve, circulate, turn around, swing, cycle
(2) What words refer to moving around something?
move around, surround, encircle, revolve, swivel, pivot
(3) What words refer to rotating?
rotate, spin, wheel, twirl, whirl, gyrate, roll, gyrate, revolve, swivel
(4) What words refer to rolling something?
roll, turn, rotate, spin
Move back and forth
Use this domain for words related to moving back and forth.
(1) What words refer to moving back and forth?
move back and forth, rock, rock back and forth, wave, swing
(2) What words refer to something moving back and forth quickly?
flutter, shake, quiver, tremble
(3) What words refer to shaking oneself?
shake, shiver, wiggle, wriggle, squirm, writhe
Move straight without turning
Use this domain for words referring to moving straight without changing direction.
(1) What words refer to moving straight?
go straight, in a straight line, direct, as the crow flies
Move toward something
Use this domain for words referring to moving toward, in the direction of, or near something or some place. The words in this domain should refer to moving in the direction of a place, but should not require that the person actually arrived. Some languages (such as German and Polish) distinguish 'go on foot' from 'go in a vehicle'.
(1) What words refer to moving toward a place?
move toward, go toward, head toward, go in the (general) direction of
(2) What words refer to moving near something?
approach, move near, come near, move in on
(3) What words refer to two things moving toward each other?
converge, be on a collision course
(4) What words refer to the place toward which a person is moving?
destination, goal
Move away
Use this domain for words referring to moving away from a place.
(1) What words refer to moving away from something?
move from/away/away from, go away, get away, retreat, back off, run away, come from
Go
Use this domain for words referring to moving away from the speaker. In Australian languages many movement words are marked for direction toward or away from the speaker.
(1) What words refer to moving away from the speaker?
go (away), leave here/this place, get out of here
(2) What do people say when they want someone to go away?
Come
Use this domain for words referring to moving toward the speaker.
(1) What words refer to moving toward the speaker?
come, come here
(2) What do people say when they want someone to come?
Leave
(1) What words refer to leaving a place?
leave, depart, departure, go away, withdraw, take your leave, scram, skedaddle, beat it, set out, hit the road, quit (a place), absent yourself, slip away, vacate, make yourself scarce, 
Arrive
Use this domain for words referring to arriving at a place.
(1) What words refer to arriving at a place?
arrive, arrival, reach, get to, come to, attain, land, landing, advent
Move in
Use this domain for words related to moving into something, such as a house or an area.
(1) What words refer to moving into an area or space?
move in, go in, go into, enter
(2) What words refer to moving toward the center of something?
move inwards, 
Move out
Use this domain for words related to moving out of something, such as a house or area.
(1) What words refer to moving out of an area or space?
move out, go out, come out, get out, emerge, exit, exodus, issue, leave, 
(2) What words refer to an opening where something can move out?
exit, outlet, vent, mouth, opening, way out
Move past, over, through
Use this domain for words referring to moving past, over, or through something.
(1) What words refer to moving past something?
move past, move by, bypass, go around, go by, stop by, zoom by, zip by
(2) What words refer to passing someone or something, which is moving in the same direction?
pass
(3) What words refer to overtaking someone of something, which is moving in the same direction?
come up with, catch up with, overtake
(4) What words refer to moving over something?
move over, walk over, run over, overrun
(5) What words refer to moving through something?
pass through
(6) What words refer to moving across something, such as a river, road, mountain range, or some other dividing line?
move across, go across, cross, go to the other side
Return
Use this domain for words referring to returning to a place--to go back to a place you earlier left.
(1) What words refer to returning to a place?
return, come back, move back
Travel
Use this domain for words referring to traveling--to move a long distance. The words in this domain may imply that the person has to sleep somewhere other than his home.
(1) What words refer to going on a journey?
go on a journey, journey, trip, passage, tour
(2) What words refer to moving from place to place?
travel, move from place to place, move around, voyage
(3) What words refer to moving from place to place and then returning to the first place?
circulate, go on a circuit, circumnavigate
(4) What words refer to going to an unknown place in order to discover what is there?
explore
(5) What words refer to going somewhere without intending to return?
move away, leave forever, emigrate, immigrate
(6) What words refer to traveling to another country?
go abroad, go overseas
(7) What words refer to a person who is traveling?
traveler, passenger, tourist
(8) What words describe someone who has traveled a lot?
well traveled, cosmopolitan, 
(9) What words refer to a place where a traveler can stay or eat?
hotel, motel, inn, campground, restaurant
Travel by land
Use this domain for words related to traveling by land.
(1) What words refer to moving by land?
travel overland, overland, 
(2) What words refer to starting a vehicle?
start, accelerate, pull out
(3) What words refer to stopping a vehicle?
stop, brake, park
Vehicle
Use this domain for things used to move.
(1) What kinds of vehicles are there?
vehicle, car, auto, truck, motorcycle, bicycle, cycle, bus, taxi
(2) What kinds of vehicles are used by children or for play?
tricycle, scooter, skateboard, roller-skates, roller blades, ice-skates
(3) What kinds of vehicles are pulled by animals?
wagon, cart, chariot, carriage
(4) What words refer to moving in a vehicle?
drive, cycle, pedal, ride
(5) What are the parts of a vehicle?
chassis, body, engine, brake, gas pedal, brakes, gear, steering wheel, windshield, windshield wiper, horn,
(6) What are the parts of a bicycle?
handle bars, kick stand, bike bell, tire pump
(7) What are the parts of a wheel?
wheel, tire, rim, spokes, hub, axle, 
Railroad
Use this domain for words related to railroads.
(1) What words refer to a railroad?
railroad, railway, station
(2) What words refer to a train?
train, railroad car, engine, caboose, freight train, passenger train, locomotive, freight car, trolley, streetcar
(3) What words refer to the tracks?
tracks, railroad tracks, rail, tie, bed
(4) What words refer to moving in a train?
ride, ride the rails, go on the train
(5) What words refer to a person who operates a train?
engineer, conductor, station master
Travel by water
Use this domain for words related to traveling by water.
(1) What words refer to traveling on water?
sail, ship (v), cross (the river, lake)
(2) What words refer to getting into a boat?
embark
(3) What words refer to leaving in a boat?
set sail, sail off
(4) What words refer to arriving in a boat?
land, make land, landfall
(5) What words refer to getting out of a boat?
disembark
(6) What words refer to a ship hitting the land?
run aground, shipwreck, maroon
(7) What words refer to the places a ship can go?
waterway, sea-lane
(8) What words refer to a place where a ship comes to land?
harbor, port, landing, dock, wharf, water break
Boat
Use this domain for words related to a boat.
(1) What types of boats are there?
ship, boat, canoe, raft, life raft, lifeboat, ship's boat, surfboard, submarine, 
(2) What are the parts of a boat?
bow, stern, starboard, port, deck, gunwale, below decks, mast, spar, crow's nest, figurehead, rudder, helm, superstructure, 
(3) What equipment is used in a boat?
oar, paddle, sail, rigging, plank, compass, signal flag
(4) What words are used of operating a boat?
row, paddle, sail, push a boat with a pole, pole a boat, bale out water
(5) What words refer to a person who uses a boat?
sailor, captain
Swim
Use this domain for words related to swimming.
(1) What words refer to swimming?
swim, dog paddle, stroke, kick, breaststroke, freestyle, backstroke, swim underwater, tread water, wade
Dive
Use this domain for words referring to moving under the water.
(1) What words refer to diving into water?
dive, plunge, belly flop, jump in
(2) What words refer to sinking under the water?
sink, go down, go under, submerge
(3) What words refer to moving while underwater?
run submerged, swim underwater
(4) What words refer to coming to the surface of the water?
rise to the surface, surface (v), float to the surface
(5) What words refer to drowning?
drown
Fly
Use this domain for words related to traveling by air.
(1) What words refer to traveling by air?
travel by air, fly, aviation
(2) What types of airplanes are there?
airplane, plane, aircraft, balloon, glider, kite
(3) What words refer to a person who flies an airplane?
pilot
(4) Where do airplanes land?
airport, runway, airstrip, landing field
Travel in space
Use this domain for words related to traveling in space.
(1) What words refer to traveling in space?
space travel, voyage, orbit
(2) What words refer to a vehicle that travels in space?
spacecraft, spaceship, rocket, space shuttle, space station, satellite, flying saucer
(3) What words refer to a person who travels in space?
astronaut, cosmonaut, spaceman
(4) What words refer to a rocket lifting off?
lift off, lift-off, blast off, launch, launch pad, countdown, mission control
(5) What words refer to a spacecraft landing?
land, reenter, reentry
Move to a new house
Use this domain for words related to permanently leaving your home or country, and for words related to migrating--moving every year to the same places because of the weather and food supplies.
(1) What words refer to moving to a new house?
move, move in
(2) What words refer to a celebration when moving into a new house?
housewarming
(3) What words refer to leaving home?
leave, move out, leave home, run away, vacate
(4) What words refer to moving to a new country?
emigrate, immigrate
(5) What words refer to migrating?
migrate
Way, route
Use this domain for words related to the way or route that you take to go somewhere.
(1) What words refer to the way to go from one place to another?
way, how to get, route, directions, 
(2) What words refer to a short way of getting somewhere?
shortcut, 
(3) What refer to telling someone the way?
tell someone the way, give someone directions, show someone the way, direct, 
(4) What refer to asking someone the way?
ask someone the way, ask for directions, 
(5) What words refer to finding the way?
find your way, navigate, 
(6) What do you say to someone when you want them to tell you the way?
can you tell me the way to, do you know the way to, how do I get to, can you direct me to, is this the way to, 
Lose your way
Use this domain for words related to losing your way.
(1) What words refer to losing your way?
be lost, not know where you are, get lost, lose your way
Map
Use this domain for words related to a map--a drawing of the world or part of the world.
(1) What words refer to a map?
map, chart, atlas
(2) What types of maps are there?
road map, street map, contour map, geographical map, political map
(3) What is a model of the earth called?
globe
(4) What words refer to making a map?
draw
(5) What words refer to using a map?
read a map, look for something on the map, find something on the map, trace a route
(6) What words refer to the symbols on a map?
symbol, legend, contour line, longitude line, latitude line, parallel
(7) What words refer to the relationship between the size of the map and the size of the real land?
scale, large scale, small scale, projection
(8) What other tools are used to find a place?
compass, sextant
Accompany
Use this domain for words referring to moving with someone.
(1) What words refer to moving with someone?
go with, come with, come along, accompany, escort (v), travel with, journey together, 
(2) What words refer to someone you travel with?
companion, traveling companion, fellow travelers/passengers, escort (n), tour group
(3) What words describe how a person walks with another person?
arm in arm, side by side, in step with, out of step with, single file
(4) What words refer to a group of vehicles or ships moving together?
convoy
Go first
Use this domain for words related to going first or going ahead of someone.
(1) What words refer to going ahead of someone?
go first, come first, precede, lead, lead the way, blaze a trail, be in the van, forerun, 
(2) What words refer to the person who goes ahead?
leader, van, vanguard, 
Follow
Use this domain for words related to following someone.
(1) What words refer to following someone?
follow, follow someone around, tag along, follow on, come behind, come after, go last, 
(2) What words refer to following someone closely?
be on someone's tail, be on someone's heels, tailgate, be right behind, 
(3) What words refer to following someone at a distance?
follow at a distance, 
(4) What words refer to moving at the same speed as the person you are following?
keep up, keep pace, stay up with, 
(5) What words refer to moving faster than the person following you?
pull ahead, 
(6) What words refer to moving faster than the person you are following?
gain on, 
(7) What words refer to moving slower than the person you are following?
lag behind, fall behind, straggle, 
(8) What words refer to reaching someone that you are following?
catch up with, overtake
Guide
Use this domain for words related to guiding someone--to show someone where to go by going ahead of them.
(1) What words refer to guiding someone?
guide, lead, show, usher, shepherd, take the lead, lead on, lead the way, show the way, show someone to a place, blaze a trail, conduct, escort, precede, go before, marshal, 
(2) What words refer to a person who guides?
guide, leader, pilot, point man, usher
Move together
Use this domain for words referring to more than one thing moving together.
(1) What words refer to moving together?
go together, 
(2) What words refer to many things moving together?
crowd, flock, flood, hail, parade, pelt, pour, rain, roll, shower, stream, swarm, teem, throng, troop, 
Pursue
Use this domain for words related to pursuing someone--to follow someone in order to catch them.
(1) What words refer to pursuing someone?
run after, chase, in pursuit, pursue, be on someone's heels, chase after, go after, give chase, come after, be after, hunt, 
(2) What words refer to following someone in order to find out where they go?
follow, tail, shadow, stalk, track, trail, hound, trace, 
(3) What words refer to the act of pursuing someone?
chase (n), pursuit, 
(4) What words refer to someone who is pursuing someone?
pursuer, 
Catch, capture
Use this domain for words related to catching someone who is trying to escape.
(1) What words refer to catching someone?
catch, catch up with, capture, get, corner, hunt down, nab, seize, seizure, trap, 
(2) What words refer to catching someone and not letting them leave?
capture, round up, take someone prisoner, recapture
(3) What words refer to the police catching a criminal?
arrest, get, take someone into custody, apprehend, detain, 
(4) What words refer to catching an animal?
catch, trap, snare, capture, round up, 
Prevent from moving
Use this domain for words referring to preventing someone or something from moving.
(1) What words refer to preventing someone from moving?
prevent, immobilize, keep, restrain, control, quarantine, restrict, 
(2) What words refer to preventing someone from moving by holding them?
hold, hold down, restrain, pin someone down, seize, 
(3) What words refer to preventing someone from moving by tying them?
handcuff, shackle, tie up, bind, binding, 
(4) What words refer to preventing someone from moving by putting them in an enclosure?
lock up, cage, confine, contain, corral, shut up, trap
(5) What words refer to preventing someone from moving by getting in their way?
block, check, hem in, blockade, get in the way, 
(6) What things are used to prevent someone from moving?
handcuffs, shackles, restraint, cage, restraint, 
(7) What words describe someone who is being prevented from moving?
be under restraint, bound, captive, in confinement, held, limited, restricted,  
Escape
Use this domain for words related to escaping from danger.
(1) What words refer to escaping from a dangerous place?
escape, get out, flee, make your escape, get away, get clear, abandon ship, bail out, evacuate, fly the coop, get free, get loose, run away, scarper, break away, break free, break loose, sneak out, 
(2) What words refer to escaping from prison?
break out, make a break for it, bust out, 
(3) What words refer to escaping from someone who is chasing you?
get away, give someone the slip, throw someone off the scent, slip through someone's fingers, shake off, make a clean getaway, elude, evade, avoid capture, dodge, sidestep, cover your trail/tracks, 
(4) What words refer to running away from someone?
run away, run off, bolt, run for it, make a run for it, take to your heels, scatter, run for your life, 
(5) What words refer to escaping from a difficult situation?
extricate yourself, talk your way out of, 
(6) What words refer to escaping with something you have stolen?
get away with, make off with, 
(7) What words refer to helping someone escape?
get someone out, spring, liberate, 
(8) What words refer to the act of escaping?
escape (n), breakout, jailbreak, getaway, prison break, evasion, evacuation, 
(9) What words refer to someone who has escaped?
runaway, fugitive, escapee, refugee, 
(10) What words describe someone who has escaped?
escaped, be on the loose, be at large, be on the run, elusive, free, 
(11) What words describe something related to escaping?
evasive (maneuvers), getaway (car), 
(12) What words refer to being unable to escape?
can't escape, can't get out, trapped, be stuck, there is no escape, be imprisoned, be a prisoner, 
Set free
Use this domain for words related to setting someone free.
(1) What words refer to setting someone free?
set someone free, let someone go, let someone out, release, free, deliver, discharge, emancipate, excuse, liberate, loose, ransom, redeem, spring, unbind, unbridle, unchain, unfetter, unhand, unharness, unleash, unshackle, untie, set at liberty, 
(2) What words refer to the act of setting someone free?
deliverance, liberation, redemption, 
(3) What words refer to the state of being free?
freedom, autonomy, independence, liberty, 
(4) What words refer to someone who sets someone free?
deliverer, liberator, 
(5) What words refer to someone who has been set free?
freedman, 
(6) What words describe someone who has been set free?
free, at liberty, be out, 
Not moving
Use this domain for words referring to not moving.
(1) What words describe something that is not moving?
stationary, still, motionless, still
(2) What words describe something that cannot be moved?
immoveable, fixed, fast, set, permanent
(3) What words describe something that is difficult to move?
stable
Stop moving
Use this domain for words referring to stopping moving.
(1) What words refer to stopping moving?
stop, come to rest, halt, brake
Stay, remain
(1) What words refer to someone not moving?
stay, stay behind, stay back, remain, remain behind, stay where you are, stay put, remain in place, hold your place, hold still, freeze, stationary, standstill, stand around, stand still, linger, tarry, abide
(2) What words refer to something never moving again?
permanent, final resting place
Wait
Use this domain for words referring to waiting in a place, waiting to do something, or waiting for something to happen. The basic idea of waiting is for someone to not do anything for a period of time, because he expects something to happen that will cause him to do something.
(1) What words refer to waiting?
wait, wait for, wait up for, wait on, await, hang on, stand by, wait around, hang around, hold off, wait your turn, sit something out, cool your heels, bide your time, sit tight, sweat it out, hesitate, hesitation, wait and see, wait behind, lie in wait, waiting room, waiting list
(2) How do you tell someone to wait?
Wait! Wait up. Just a minute. Just a moment. I'll be right with you. Hold on. Hang on. Please hold.
(3) What words refer to waiting in a line of people?
line up, queue, stand in line, cut in line
(4) What words describe how a person feels when he must wait?
look forward to, expectant, (I) can't wait, patient, impatient
(5) What words refer to making someone wait?
keep someone waiting, make someone wait, delay
(6) What words refer to a period of time when you have to wait?
wait (n), delay (n)
(7) What words refer to refusing to wait patiently and going ahead of other people instead?
cut in line, cut in front of someone, cut someone off, jump the queue, push in
Send someone
Use this domain for words related to causing someone to go somewhere.
(1) What words refer to sending someone somewhere?
send, dismiss, transfer
(2) What words refer to summoning someone to come to you?
summon
(3) What words refer to sending someone to do something?
send
Move something
Use this domain for general words referring to moving something or someone.
(1) What words refer to moving something?
move, transfer, transport, shift, relocate, shunt, conduct, convey, 
(2) What words refer to moving something very quickly?
jerk
(3) What words refer to moving something through the air?
swing
(4) What words refer to moving something that is difficult to move?
shift, free, release
Carry
Use this domain for words referring to carrying something--to pick something up and hold it while moving oneself.
(1) What general words refer to carrying something?
carry, bear, tote
(2) What words refer to carrying something in a particular manner?
pack, carry in the arms, carry on the shoulders, shoulder (v), carry on a pole, cradle, 
(3) What words refer to carrying something very heavy?
lug, haul, cart
(4) What words refer to carrying many things?
be loaded (down) with, overloaded, be laden with, be weighed down with, under the weight of
(5) What words refer to someone who carries things?
porter, bearer, carrier, courier, 
(6) What words refer to something that is carried?
load, burden, armful, 
(7) What words describe something that can be carried?
portable
(8) What words refer to something used to carry things?
pack, backpack, stretcher, carrying pole, 
Throw
Use this domain for words referring to throwing something.
(1) What words refer to throwing something?
throw, cast, 
(2) What words refer to throwing something in a careless way?
chuck, sling, toss, pitch, flick, 
(3) What words refer to throwing something with force?
hurl, fling, heave, fire, 
(4) What words refer to throwing a ball when playing a game?
pass, pitch, bowl, peg, 
(5) What words refer to throwing something high in the air?
lob, throw up in the air, 
(6) What words refer to throwing something so that it turns over and over?
toss, flip, 
(7) What words refer to throwing things at someone?
pelt, stone, bombard, shower, 
(8) What words refer to something throwing something?
send something flying, catapult, propel, pitch, launch, sling, 
(9) What words refer to an act of throwing?
throw (n), 
(10) What words refer to something hitting the ground after being thrown?
land, hit, fall, 
(11) What words refer to something used to throw things?
sling, slingshot, throwing stick, 
Catch
Use this domain for verbs for catching something that is thrown or dropped
(1) What words refer to catching something?
catch, intercept, snag
Shake
Use this domain for words referring to moving something back and forth.
(1) What words refer to shaking something?
shake, rattle, fan, move something back and forth
Knock over
Use this domain for words referring to knocking something over so that it falls, and for knocking a container over so that it spills its contents.
(1) What words refer to knocking something over so that it falls?
knock down, topple
(2) What words refer to knocking a container over so that it spills its contents?
knock over, tip over, spill, dump
Set upright
Use this domain for words related to setting something upright.
(1) What words refer to setting something upright?
Set upright, set up, stand
Move something in a direction
Use this domain for general words related to moving something in a direction.
(1) What general words refer to moving something in a direction?
move (something), transfer, shift
Put in front
Use this domain for words referring to putting something in front of you or in front of something else.
(1) What words refer to putting something in front?
put in front, place in front, advance something
Put in back
Use this domain for words referring to putting something in back of you or in back of something else.
(1) What words refer to putting something in back?
put in back, place in back, put behind, place in the rear
Put aside
Use this domain for words referring to putting something to the side of you.
(1) What words refer to putting something to the side of you?
put aside, put to the side, put beside, put next to you, push aside, push to the side, move aside, move to the side
Lift
Use this domain for words referring to putting something above you or above something else, putting something on top of something else, or moving something higher than it was.
(1) What words refer to moving something up?
lift, lift up, raise, put up, hoist, pull up, elevate, erect, uplift, heighten, jack up, pick up, levitate, 
(2) What words refer to putting something above something else?
put above, place over
(3) What words refer to putting something on top of something?
put on top, superimpose
(4) What words refer to something used to lift things?
lever, fulcrum, elevator, lift, jack, hoist, crane, 
Hang
Use this domain for words referring to hanging something, and for words describing something that has been hung.
(1) What words refer to hanging something?
hang, hang up, suspend
(2) What words describe something that has been hung?
dangle, hanging
Lower something
Use this domain for words referring to putting something lower than you or lower than something else, putting something under something else, or moving something lower than it was.
(1) What words refer to moving something down?
lower, lower away, move (something) down, drop it down a peg
(2) What words refer to putting something under something?
put under, put underneath
(3) What words refer to letting something drop?
drop, let fall, slip through your fingers, slip out of your hand
Put in
Use this domain for words referring to putting something inside something else.
(1) What words refer to putting something inside something else?
put in, put inside, move in, insert, introduce, inject, implant, penetrate, pierce, inset, inlay, pack in, stuff in, load
(2) What words refer to pushing something into an opening or into something soft?
stick, ram, drive, plunge, thrust
(3) What words refer to pushing something into a small space?
force, stuff, squeeze, jam, cram, pack, wedge in
(4) What words refer to putting something into a hole or small space?
put in/into/inside, slide something into, tuck in/into/under, insert
(5) What words refer to putting something into liquid?
immerse, submerge
(6) What words refer to putting something into liquid for a short time?
dip, dunk
Take something out of something
Use this domain for words referring to taking something out of something else.
(1) What words refer to taking something out of something else?
take out, get something out, remove, extract, extricate, eliminate, bring out, clear something out, clean out, withdraw, fish out
(2) What words refer to taking something out of the ground?
root out, uproot, dig out, pull up, weed out, grub up, rake out
(3) What words refer to taking water out of something?
pour, dip out, wring out, wring from, squeeze out, suck out, pump, milk, soak up, absorb, absorbent
(4) What words refer to turning a container so that its contents come out?
pour, dump, spill
(5) What words refer to pulling something out of something?
pull out, draw out, pluck, tear out
(6) What words refer to pushing something out of something?
push out, eject, squeeze out, expel
Pull
Use this domain for words related to pulling--causing something to move toward you.
(1) What words refer to pulling something so that it moves toward you?
pull, pull back, bring back, draw, tug
(2) What words refer to pulling something quickly or suddenly?
jerk, yank, tug
(3) What words refer to pulling something with a lot of force so that it comes away from the thing it is connected to?
pull something away/from/out/apart, wrench something open/off/away, tear something out/from/away/down
(4) What words refer to pulling something, but without making it come away from the thing it is connected to?
pull at, pull on, give something a pull, tug at, give something a tug
(5) What words refer to pulling something heavy?
heave, lug, haul
(6) What words refer to pulling something along the ground?
drag
(7) What words refer to pulling something with a rope or chain?
(8) What words refer to pulling something in some direction?
pull down, pull up, pull across, pull out
(9) What words refer to pulling something onto you?
pull on, pull over, pull something over on top of you
(10) What words refer to a vehicle or animal pulling something so that it moves along behind?
pull, tow, take in tow, draw, trail something behind you
(11) What words refer to something being pulled along behind?
in tow, trailing, trailer
(12) What words refer to causing something to move towards you without touching it?
attract, lure, draw
(13) What words refer to two or more people pulling on both ends of something?
tug of war
Push
Use this domain for when someone or something causes something to move away from him.
(1) What words refer to pushing something so that it moves away you?
push something, push away, give something a push, move something forward, advance something, thrust, nudge, give impetus, impel
(2) What words refer to pushing something quickly or suddenly?
shove, give something a shove, jog, jolt
(3) What words refer to pushing someone roughly?
shove, hustle, bundle, manhandle
(4) What words refer to pushing people in a crowd?
push, shove, press, force your way, jostle, elbow, barge
(5) What words refer to pushing something, but without making it move?
push on, press
(6) What words refer to pushing something heavy?
put your shoulder into it
(7) What words refer to pushing something along the ground?
push
(8) What words refer to pushing something with your finger or a stick?
poke, give something a poke, prod, jab, dig someone in the ribs
(9) What words refer to pushing something so that it falls over?
push over, topple
(10) What words refer to pushing something in some direction?
push aside, push out of the way
(11) What words refer to causing something to move away from you without touching it?
repel
(12) What words refer to pushing something from all directions?
squeeze, compress
(13) What words refer to pushing something into an opening or into something soft?
stick something into something, ram, drive, plunge, thrust
(14) What words refer to pushing something into a small space?
push in, squeeze in, jam in, force, stuff
(15) What words refer to pushing yourself into a small space?
squeeze into, squeeze through, squeeze in between
(16) What words refer to how hard you push?
pressure, put pressure on
(17) What words refer to pushing something with wheels?
wheel (v), push, roll, trundle
Take somewhere
Use this domain for words referring to taking something or someone somewhere.
(1) What words refer to taking someone somewhere?
take, bring, escort, whisk someone away, 
(2) What words refer to taking something somewhere?
take, bring, deliver, transport, 
(3) What words refer to taking someone somewhere?
lead, guide
(4) What words refer to taking an animal somewhere?
lead, herd
Take something from somewhere
Use this domain for words referring to taking something or someone from its place.
(1) What words refer to taking something from somewhere?
take, take away, remove, draw off, empty, evacuate, milk, strain, 
(2) What words refer to taking something quickly or suddenly?
grab, snatch, whisk away, seize
(3) What words refer to reaching for something?
reach for, grab at/for, snatch at
(4) What words refer to causing something to move from somewhere?
displace, dislocate, dislodge
Return something
Use this domain for words referring to moving something back to an original place or person. (Something is in a place, someone (or something) moves it, then someone moves it back to the first place.)
(1) What words refer to putting something back in its place?
replace, put back, return (something), return to its place, restore to owner
Send
Use this domain for words related to sending something--to cause someone to take something somewhere.
(1) What words refer to sending something?
send, sent with, have someone take, have something delivered
Chase away
Use this domain for words related to chasing or driving people and animals--to cause someone (or an animal) to move.
(1) What words refer to causing someone to go away?
chase away, send away, exile, expel, send out, dismiss
Drive along
Use this domain for words related to driving people and animals--to cause someone (or an animal) to move with you.
(1) What words refer to causing someone to move with you?
drive, force, goad, prod, propel, ride, spur
Handle something
Use this domain for general words for using the hands to move something.
(1) What general words refer to using the hands to do something to an object?
handle, manipulate
Touch
Use this domain for words referring to touching something with your hand without moving the thing.
(1) What words refer to touching something?
touch, feel, run your hand over, brush, caress, contact, feel, finger, fondle, glance, graze, handle, handling, kiss, lick, massage, nuzzle, palm, palpate, paw, rub, scrape, sense, skim, stroke, sweep, thumb, tickle, tickling, 
Pick up
Use this domain for words related to picking something up.
(1) What words refer to picking something up?
pick up, take, get
Put down
Use this domain for words related to putting something down.
(1) What words refer to putting something down?
put down, set, lay
(2) What words refer to putting something to the side of something else?
put aside, put to the side, put beside, move aside, push aside
(3) What words refer to putting something somewhere?
put, place, position, post
Hold
Use this domain for holding something in the hand.
(1) What words refer to holding something in the hand?
hold
(2) What words refer to holding something tightly?
hold tightly, grip
(3) What words refer to holding something loosely?
hold loosely
(4) What words refer to holding something with the hand open?
hold in the palm
(5) What words refer to holding something with the hand closed?
hold in the fist
(6) What words refer to releasing something?
release, let go of, 
Actions of the hand
Use this domain for the functions and actions of the hand.
(1) What words refer to moving your hand over something?
scratch, scratch hard, itch, massage, rub
(2) What words refer to trying to find something with your hand?
feel (for something), grope (in the dark)
(3) What other actions are done with the hands?
tickle, pinch, crack a knuckle, hug, embrace
Support
Use this domain for words related to keeping something from falling.
(1) What words refer to keeping something from falling?
support, hold up
(2) What words refer to putting something under or against something to keep it from falling?
prop (up)
(3) What words refer to something that is put under or against something to keep it from falling?
prop, support, brace, retaining wall
Extend
Use this domain for words related to extending something--to move something so that it covers a greater distance or area.
(1) What words refer to extending something?
extend, expand, grow, reach
Turn something
Use this domain for turning something--to cause something to change direction, or to cause something to revolve or move in a circle.
(1) What words refer to causing something to change direction?
turn, turn around, bend (something's) course
(2) What words refer to causing something to move in a circle or curve?
(3) What words refer to causing something to revolve?
spin, revolve
(4) What words refer to turning something so the bottom side is up?
turn up side down, turn over, upturn, flip over
(5) What words refer to turning something so the inside is out?
turn inside-out
(6) What words refer to stirring something?
stir
(7) What words refer to winding something around another thing?
wind, coil, curl, loop, roll, spin, twirl, twist, whirl, 
Open
Use this domain for words related to opening something.
(1) What words refer to opening something?
open, leave open
(2) What words describe something that is open?
open, ajar
Shut, close
Use this domain for words related to shutting something.
(1) What words refer to shutting something?
shut, close
(2) What words describe something that is shut?
shut, closed
(3) What things are used to keep something shut?
lock
Block, dam up
Use this domain for words referring to preventing someone or something from moving
(1) What words refer to blocking the movement of something?
block, dam up, barricade, wall off
(2) What words refer to something that is used to block something?
blockade, dam, barricade, wall, barrier, fence
Limit
Use this domain for words referring to a limit beyond which something may or should not go, and for words referring to imposing a limit.
(1) What words refer to limiting the movement of something?
limit, impose a limit, restrict
(2) What words refer to a limit beyond which something may not move?
limit, boundary, extent, (furthest) reach, barrier, restriction
(3) What words refer to going beyond the limit?
exceed, cross, trespass, overstep
Cover
Use this domain for words related to covering something.
(1) What words refer to covering something?
cover, bury, drape, hang, spread, wrap
(2) What words refer to something used to cover something?
covering, lid, cap
(3) What words describe something that has been covered?
covered, draped, hung, wrapped
Uncover
Use this domain for words related to uncovering something.
(1) What words refer to uncovering something?
uncover, remove (a cover), take off, reveal
Wrap
Use this domain for words related to wrapping something--to cover something on all sides with something like leaves, cloth, or paper.
(1) What words refer to wrapping something?
wrap, cover, shroud, enclose, put around, wind, 
(2) What words refer to something that is used to wrap something?
wrapper, wrapping, covering, shroud
Spread, smear
Use this domain for words related to spreading something--to cover something on all sides with something liquid or sticky like paint or mud.
(1) What words refer to spreading something on another thing?
spread, smear, brush, cover, dab, daub, paint, plaster, rub, slather, smear, smudge, swab, 
Transport
Use this domain for words referring to moving something in a vehicle.
(1) What words refer to moving something in a vehicle?
transport, transportation, carry, cart, convey, drive, ferry, fly, haul, row, truck, trundle, wheel, 
(2) What words refer to putting something in a vehicle?
load
Have, be with
Use this domain for words related to having something.
(1) What words refer to having something?
have, be with, 
Give, hand to
Use this domain for words referring to giving something to someone, in which there is no transaction of ownership, merely the movement of the thing from one person to another.
give, hand to, pass to, deliver
Receive
Use this domain for words related to receiving something from someone.
(1) What words refer to receiving something from someone?
receive, take, accept, pick up, get, obtain, gain
Get
Use this domain for words referring to getting something.
(1) What words refer to getting something?
get, acquire, gain, obtain, pick up, secure, take, 
(2) What words refer to the act of getting something?
acquisition, 
(3) What words refer to something someone gets?
Distribute
Use this domain for words related to distributing things to several people.
(1) What words refer to distributing things to several people?
distribute, distribution, apportion
(2) What words refer to the share or portion that one person receives?
share, portion, lot, part
Keep something
Use this domain for words related to keeping something.
(1) What words refer to keeping something?
keep, save, hold on to, retain, keep possession of
Leave something
Use this domain for words referring to leaving something or someone in a place and going away.
(1) What words refer to leaving something somewhere?
leave, leave behind, abandon, forget, forsake, maroon, 
(2) What words describe something that has been left behind?
abandoned, forgotten, forsaken, marooned
(3) What commands are used to ask someone to leave something where it is?
Leave it. Leave it where it is. Leave it behind. Leave it here. Don't move it. Forget it.
Throw away
Use this domain for throwing away something that you no longer want.
(1) What words are used for throwing something away?
throw away, throw aside, toss, junk, jettison, discard, eliminate, heave, reject, expel, dispose of, cast off, throw overboard, get rid of, rid yourself of, dump, clean out, purge, smoke out, unload, delete
(2) What words refer to something that is thrown away?
litter, trash, garbage
Not have
(1) What words refer to not having something?
not have, haven't go, without, be missing, devoid of, empty-handed, wanting,  
Arrange
Use this domain for words referring to arranging things--to physically move a group of things or people and put them in a pattern.
(1) What words refer to arranging things?
arrange, align, array, dispose, lay out, line up, order, put in order, range, set out, concatenate, 
(2) What words refer to the pattern in which things are arranged?
arrangement, alignment, array, formation, order, ordering, pattern, row, disposition, distribution, gradation, grouping, layout, concatenation, 
(3) What words refer to arranging things a second time, or arranging things after they have been mixed up?
rearrange, rearrangement, reorder, reordering, reform, reformation
(4) What words describe things that have been arranged?
arranged, ordered, well-ordered, be in order, regular, 
(5) What words refer to when everything is arranged?
order, 
Gather
Use this domain for words referring to gathering things into a group. The basic idea of this domain involves a situation in which two or more things are not together, and someone moves them so that they are together.
(1) What words refer to gathering things?
gather, accumulate, amass, assemble, bring together, bunch up, collect, compile, concentrate, consolidate, cumulate, group (v), heap, heap up, herd together, layer (v), mass together, pile, rally, round-up, stack, stack up, load, 
(2) What words refer to things gathering?
gather, clump, cluster, collect, congregate, crowd together, flock, form, gang, horde, meet, pile up, swarm, throng, 
(3) What words describe things that have been gathered?
gathered, collected, concentrated, crowded, crowding, cumulative, massed together, massing, togetherness, heaped, loaded, piled, 
(4) What words refer to a group of  things that have been gathered together?
gathering, assemblage, bunch, collection, concentration, group, heap, huddle, mass, pile, stack, 
Separate, scatter
Use this domain for words referring to separating things into groups, and scattering things. The basic idea of this domain involves a situation in which two or more things are together, and someone moves them so that they are no longer together.
(1) What words refer to separating or scattering things?
separate, separation, scatter, disperse, dispersion, dispersal, spread out, spray, move apart, move away from each other, put space between, to space (things), space out, place at intervals, divide, division, blow apart, distribute, sow, strew, sift
(2) What words are used of separating people?
separate fighting people, disperse troops
(3) What words describe the condition of things when they are separated?
separation, dispersion, dispersal, the spread of, division
(4) What words refer to a group of things that have been separated?
a scattering (of something), Diaspora
(5) What words describe things that have been scattered?
be scattered, thrown apart, resettled, thinly spread, spread out, far flung, flung, dispersed
(6) What words refer to taking something away and putting it aside, separate from the others?
set aside, put aside, separate from the others, keep separate, keep special, reserve, pull out
Include
Use this domain for words related to including something in a group.
(1) What words refer to including something in a group?
include, incorporate, involve, integrate
(2) What words refer to excluding something from a group?
exclude, segregate
Special
Use this domain for words that describe a member of a group that is different or special.
(1) What words describe something that is special?
special, different, unique
Join, attach
Use this domain for words related to joining two or more things together.
(1) What words refer to joining two or more things together?
join, join together, agglutinate, assemble, bolt, cement, chain, clip, combine, connect, couple, crimp, fasten, fetter, fuse, glue, grapple, handcuff, hitch, hook together, knit, latch, link, manacle, merge, paste, pin, plaster, put together, put up, rivet, secure, sew, shackle, solder, staple, stick, stick together, tape (up), unite, unify, weld, 
(2) What words refer to joining one thing to another?
affix, anchor, annex, attach, batten, engraft, fix to, graft, moor, nail, screw, secure, stick to, tack, 
(3) What words refer to things joining together?
adhere, bind, cleave, cling, cohere, combine, fuse, merge, stick together, unite, 
(4) What words refer to something joining itself to something?
attach to, bind to, fasten to, stick to, take hold of
(5) What words refer to the act of joining things together?
joining, attachment, bonding, combination, fusion, unification, union, welding, 
(6) What words describe things that have been joined?
joined, affixed, anchored, assembled, attached, bolted, cemented, chained, connected, fastened, fixed to, fused, glued, handcuffed, manacled, nailed, pasted, pinned, plastered, riveted, sewn, shackled, stapled, stick, stuck, taped, united, unified, welded
(7) What words refer to something made by joining things together?
union, unity, assembly, assemblage, bundle, ensemble, merger, trinity, triumvirate, partnership, compound, couple, coupling, conglomerate, combination, construct (n), 
(8) What words refer to something that is joined to something else?
attachment, 
(9) What words refer to the place where two things are joined together?
join (n), joint, junction, connection, contact point, intersection, seam, 
(10) What words refer to how well things are joined together?
bond, coherent, fast, secure, stay, strong (joint/bond), weak (joint/bond), stuck, 
(11) What words refer to reuniting things that have come apart?
reunite, reassemble, rejoin, re-glue, reattach, refasten, put back together
Link, connect
Use this domain for words related to a linking or connecting things together--to put something like a road, pipe, or wire between things so that people or things can move between them.
(1) What words refer to linking things together?
link, link up, connect, join, network, 
(2) What words refer to something linking two things?
link, connect,
(3) What words refer to two things being linked?
be joined (together), be connected, 
(4) What words refer to the thing that links two things?
link, connection, coupling, hookup, network, passageway, 
(5) What words refer to two things (such as wires, roads, rivers) joining together?
join, meet, converge, merge, 
(6) What words refer to the place where two things (such as wires, roads, rivers) join together?
joint, connection, junction, intersection, 
(7) What words describe something that links two things?
connecting, 
Stick together
Use this domain for words referring to two or more things cohering or sticking together.
(1) What words refer to joining two things together using glue or a sticky substance?
stick, stick down, stick together, glue, 
(2) What words refer to two or more things sticking together?
stick, stick together, adhere, cake, cling, cohere, grip, lump, 
(3) What words describe something that sticks to other things?
sticky, adhesive, gummy, magnetic, tacky, 
Add to something
Use this domain for words related to adding something to another thing.
(1) What words refer to adding a new part or piece to something?
add, add on, put on, append, superimpose, 
(2) What words refer to adding something to something you are cooking?
add, put in, 
(3) What words refer to adding more to an amount of something?
supplement, build on, 
(4) What words refer to adding a quality to something?
give, lend, 
(5) What words refer to adding to what has been said?
tack on, 
(6) What words refer to something that has been added?
addition, additive, supplement, extra, adjunct, annex, 
(7) What words describe something that is added?
extra, supplemental, supplementary, 
Remove, take apart
Use this domain for words related to removing part of something, taking something apart, and things coming apart.
(1) What words refer to removing a part of something?
remove, removal, take off, detach, tear off, break off, cut off, cut away
(2) What words refer to removing a part from inside something?
take out, remove, extract, extraction, cut out, get out, excision, withdraw, 
(3) What words refer to removing a part from the surface of something?
take off, remove, wipe off, peel off, scrape off, scratch off, rub off
(4) What words refer to removing words from a book, or music from a tape?
erase, delete, cross out, rub out
(5) What words refer to the act of removing something?
removal, extraction, 
(6) What words describe something that can be removed?
removable, temporary (ink), non-permanent, 
(7) What words describe something that cannot be removed?
permanent, 
(8) What words refer to a tool or substance used to remove something?
eraser, remover, paint remover, 
(9) What words refer to taking something apart?
take apart, detach, disunite, disassemble, disjoin, uncouple, unhook, unfasten, pull apart, break up, dismantle, take something to pieces
(10) What words describe something after it has been taken apart?
apart, detached, disassembled, dismembered, be in pieces, 
(11) What words describe something that can be taken apart?
detachable, 
(12) What words refer to things coming apart?
come apart, come free, come loose, come off, come undone, come unglued, come unhooked, come unstuck, break up, disintegrate, fall apart, fall off, fall to pieces, peel off, pop off, separate, unravel, unroll, work free, work loose, 
Mix
Use this domain for words related to mixing things together--to put two or more different kinds of substances, like liquids or cooking ingredients,  together.
(1) What words refer to someone mixing things together?
mix, mix something with something, mix things together, add something to something, amalgamate, bring together, coalesce, combine, commingle, dilute, fuse, imbue, interlard, intermingle, intermix, join, jumble, lump, meld, merge, mingle, scramble, unification, unify, unite, 
(2) What words refer to things mixing together?
amalgamate, blend, combine, commingle, fuse, intermix, meld, merge, merger, unite
(3) What words refer to something being a mixture of other things?
be a mixture of, combine, blend, 
(4) What words refer to stirring something so that it is mixed well?
stir, stir up, stir together, beat, blend, knead, whisk, 
(5) What words refer to something made by mixing things together?
mix (n), mixture, admixture, amalgam, assortment, blend (n), brew (n), combination, composite, compound, conglomerate, conglomeration, fusion, hodgepodge, intermixture, jumble, mess, miscellany, mishmash, patchwork, odds and ends, solution, a cross between, 
(6) What words describe something made by mixing things together?
mixed, mixed up, amalgamated, assorted, blended, combined, composite, compounded, conglomerated, diluted, half-and-half, heterogeneous, intermixed, jumbled, mingled, miscellaneous, motley, scrambled, tangled, together, varied, variegated, 
(7) What tools and machines are used to mix things?
mixer, blender, food processor, eggbeater, 
(8) What words refer to different things that do not mix well with each other?
do not mix, incompatible, do not go well together, 
Pure, unmixed
Use this domain for words related to being pure--words describing something (like water, food, or air) that does not have anything bad in it; or unmixed--words describing something that is only one thing and has not been mixed with something else.
(1) What words describe something that is pure?
pure, pristine, sheer, solid, unadulterated, unblended, uncombined, uncompounded, undiluted, unmixed, unpolluted, untainted, 100%, 
(2) What words refer to something that is pure?
element
(3) What words describe something that is not pure?
impure, adulterated, mixed, polluted, tainted, diluted
(4) What words refer to making something pure by removing other things from it?
purify, distill, refine, 
(5) What words refer to making something impure by adding something bad to it?
adulterate, contaminate, pollute, 
(6) What words refer to something bad that has been adding to something?
impurity, contaminant, pollutant, pollution, 
Tie
Use this domain for words related to tying things together.
(1) What words refer to tying things together?
tie, tie together, tie up, bind, cinch, gird, hitch, lash, moor, rope together, tether, truss, wind, 
(2) What words refer to tying a knot?
tie a knot, knot a rope, braid, 
(3) What words refer to tying up a person?
tie up, bind hand and foot, shackle, 
(4) What words refer to a knot or a particular kind of knot?
knot, braid, lashing, hitch, square knot, slip knot, two half hitches
(5) What words refer to a group of things that have been tied up?
bundle, package, packet, parcel
(6) What words describe things that have been tied?
tied, bound, lashed, moored, tethered, 
(7) What words refer to tying something tightly?
bind tightly, cinch up, tighten, truss up
(8) What words describe something that has been tied tightly?
taut, tight, tightly, strain, stretched, 
(9) What words describe something that has been tied loosely?
loose, loosely, slack, give it some slack, 
(10) What words refer to untying something?
untie, be untied, take off the rope, undo
(11) What words refer to something becoming untied by accident?
come untied, come loose, 
(12) What words refer to tying something a second time after it has come untied?
retie
Rope, string
Use this domain for words referring to rope, string, and other things used to tie things together.
(1) What types of rope and string are there?
rope, string, band, bindings, bonds, cable, chain, cord, lace, lashing, line, ribbon, rubber band, shoelace, shoestring, strap, thong, twine, binder twine, wire, 
Tangle
Use this domain for words related to becoming tangled--when something long and thin, such as rope, string, thread, hair, grass, or vines, becomes disorganized, twisted, or knotted, so that it is hard to separate it.
(1) What words refer to things becoming tangled?
tangle, entangle, become tangled, get all tangled up, snarl, 
(2) What words described something that is tangled?
tangled, matted, raveled, snarled, all mixed up, 
(3) What words refer to untangling something?
untangle, unravel, comb out, straighten out, 
(4) What words refer to something that has become tangled?
tangle (n), tangled mess, jumble, mix-up, rat's nest, snarl, 
Organize
Use this domain for words referring to organizing things, people, events, and ideas--to think about and decide on the pattern a group of things should be arranged in, and then doing whatever is necessary to arrange them so that they can be used for some purpose. This domain is like the domain 'Arrange' except that 'Arrange' emphasizes physically moving the things, and the domain 'Organize' emphasizes the logical system. 'Organize' does not require that the things be moved, only that the logical pattern is specified.
(1) What words refer to organizing things?
organize, dispose, structure, get together, get it together, get your act together, chart, marshal, put in a chart, put in a table, put in a matrix, sort, sort out, systematize, tabulate, 
(2) What words refer to the pattern in which things are organized?
organization, ad hoc, alignment, apparatus, cycle, framework, hierarchy, mechanism, network, order, ordering, pattern, row, sequence, set-up, structure, system, 
(3) What tools and methods are used for organizing things?
table, matrix, chart, organizational chart, flow chart, grid, cubby hole, pigeon hole, in basket, out basket, 
(4) What words refer to organizing things a second time, or organizing things after they have been disorganized?
reorganize, reorganization, adjust, reform, reorder, reordering, 
(5) What words describe things that have been organized?
organized, ordered, well-ordered, orderly, in order, harmonious, shipshape, structured, systematic, tidy, everything in its place, 
(6) What words describe a person who organizes things well?
organized, methodical, neat, together, 
(7) What words refer to when everything is organized?
Disorganized
Use this domain for words related to things becoming disorganized.
(1) What words describe things that are disorganized?
disorganized, arbitrary, chaotic, confused, in disarray, haphazard, helter-skelter, jumbled, messed up, messy,  nonsystematic, random, unarranged, unsorted, unmethodical, unordered, unorganized, unsystematic, 
(2) What words refer to disorganizing things?
disorganize, disarrange, shuffle, mess up, randomize, 
(3) What words refer to the state of things being disorganized?
disorganization, ambient state, chaos, disorder, 
Substitute
Use this domain for words referring to substituting something for something else--to move something and put something else in its place.
(1) What words refer to putting something in the place of something else?
substitute, supplant, replace
(2) What words refer to putting each of two things in the place of the other?
exchange, switch (places)
Multiple things moving
Use this domain for words referring to multiple things moving.
(1) What words refer to more than one thing moving in the same direction?
move together, move parallel
(2) What words refer to more than one thing moving away from each other?
disperse, thin out, melt away, break up, spread out, diverge, permeate, 
(3) What words refer to more than one thing moving toward each other?
gather, collect, form, mass, congregate, converge, close (v), close in on, concentrate, crowd in, 
(4) What words refer to more than one thing meeting?
meet, come together, unite, crash, collide, 
(5) What words refer to the place where things come together?
meeting point, focal point, focus, confluence
(6) What words refer to more than one thing moving around in a place?
crowd, fill, mill around, swarm, 
Simple, complicated
Use this domain for words related to being simple or complicated--words describing the organization of a group of things.
(1) What words describe something that is simple?
simple, basic, crude, elemental, elementary, neat, plain, primitive, rudimentary, single, uniform, unsophisticated, low-tech, 
(2) What words describe something that is complicated?
complicated, complex, intricate, elaborate, convoluted, sophisticated, tortuous, variable, 
(3) What words refer to making something simpler?
simplify
(4) What words refer to making something more complicated?
complicate
(5) What words describe a simple connection between two things?
simple, one to one, 
(6) What words describe a complex connection between two things?
complex, complicated, one to many, 
Put
Use this domain for words related to putting something somewhere.
(1) What words refer to putting something somewhere?
put, install, lodge, mount, place (v), position (v), set, situate, sling, stash, stow, 
Load, pile
Use this domain for words related to putting lots of things on something.
(1) What words refer to putting lots of things on something?
cram, crowd, drape, dust, hang, heap, jam, load, mound, pack, pile, scatter, settle, sew, shower, spread, stack, stick, stock, strew, string, stuff, wrap
Fill, cover
Use this domain for words related to filling a container or covering an area with something.
(1) What words refer to filling something?
fill, choke, clog, deluge, drench, flood, inundate, plug, saturate, soak, 
(2) What words refer to covering something?
cover, coat, blanket, coat, encrust, mask, pave, plate, robe, shroud, smother, swathe, 
Hide
Use this domain for words related to hiding things so that they cannot be seen or found, and for hiding oneself.
(1) What words refer to hiding something?
hide, conceal, concealment, bury, secrecy
hidden, secret
(3) What words refer to the place where something is hidden?
hiding place, hideout, refuge, 
(4) What words refer to hiding yourself?
hide, take refuge, go into hiding, disappear, 
(5) What words refer to coming out from hiding?
come out (from hiding), surface
Search
Use this domain for words related to searching for something that has been hidden or lost.
(1) What words refer to searching for something?
search, look, look for, seek, hunt for, dig, explore, root, sniff, spy, track, be on the lookout for, 
(2) What words refer to the act of searching for something?
search (n), quest, 
spot, locate, descry, detect, discern, distinguish, espy, catch a glimpse of, spy, sight something
(4) What words refer to looking for something and not seeing it?
overlook, 
Find
Use this domain for words related to finding something that has been hidden or lost.
(1) What words refer to finding something that has been hidden?
find, discover, discovery, uncover, eureka, locate, 
(2) What words refer to learning the location of something?
come upon, discover, discovery, ferret out, find, learn, learn the whereabouts, strike, 
Lose, misplace
Use this domain for words referring to putting something in a place and not being able to find it again, or for when someone else moves something without your knowledge so that you cannot find it.
(1) What words refer to losing something?
lose, loss, misplace
Physical impact
Use this domain for general words referring to making a physical impact on  something, including the words for the action itself and the result of the  action.
(1) What general words refer to making an impact on something?
impact (v), affect, change (v), impinge
(2) What words refer to the effect on the object?
impact (n), effect, change (n), impression
Hit
Use this domain for words related to hitting something.
(1) What words refer to one thing hitting another?
hit, strike, bang into, smack, bump (into), crash into
(2) What words refer to a person hitting something?
hit, strike
(3) What words refer to hitting another person?
box, beat up, punch, hit out at, strike out at
(4) What words refer to hitting something with your fist or hand?
hit, slap, smack
(5) What words refer to hitting something with a tool?
hammer, pound, club, whip
(6) What words refer to hitting two things together?
(7) What words refer to striking someone in order to cause injury?
(8) What words refer to striking something repeatedly?
hit over and over, beat
(9) What words refer to each time something is hit?
stroke, blow, beat, punch, 
(10) What words refer to the speed or force with which something is hit?
force, impact
(11) What words describe hitting something with not much force?
light hit, tap, knock
(12) What words describe hitting something with a lot of force?
hit hard, whack, smash into, wallop, cream
(13) What words refer to two things moving so that they hit each other?
collide, hit each other, run into each other
(14) What words refer to something hitting and then bouncing?
bounce, rebound, glance off, ricochet, recoil, 
Aim at a target
Use this domain for words referring to aiming at a target, and for hitting or missing the target.
(1) What words refer to aiming at a target?
aim, point, direct, line up on, set your sights on, sight along, focus on
(2) What words refer to hitting a target?
hit, on target
(3) What words refer to missing a target?
miss, fall short, overshoot, off center, wild shot
(4) What words refer to the target?
target, goal
(5) What words refer to the center of a target?
bull's-eye, dead center
(6) What words refer to a person who is good at hitting a target?
sharpshooter, marksman, good aim, good eye
Kick
Use this domain for words referring to kicking--to hit something with your foot. The words in this domain may be distinguished by the way in which the foot moves, either in a swinging motion, or by first bending the leg and then quickly straightening it. They may also be distinguished by whether the foot moves horizontally or vertically, whether the effect is to move something or damage it, or how hard the person kicks.
(1) What words refer to kicking something?
kick, give something a kick, kick in (a door), boot, punt, stamp, stomp on, stub your toe on something
Press
Use this domain for words referring to pressing something.
(1) What words refer to pressing something?
press, push on, apply pressure
Rub
Use this domain for words referring to rubbing--to move something smooth against something else, in order to make it smooth or clean.
(1) What words refer to rubbing something?
rub, chafe, rasp, 
(2) What words refer to rubbing something to make it clean?
wipe
(3) What words refer to rubbing something to make it smooth?
polish
(4) What tools and materials are used to rub something?
Grind
Use this domain for words referring to grinding--to rub something rough against something else, while applying force, in order to break it or remove its surface.
(1) What words refer to grinding something?
grind, grate, scrape, scratch
Mark
Use this domain for words related to making a mark on something.
(1) What words refer to making a mark on something?
mark, stain
(2) What words refer to a mark on something?
mark, stain, spot, smudge, fingerprint
Divide into pieces
Use this domain for words referring to dividing something into parts or pieces, perhaps with the added idea of using care, or into a certain number of parts.
(1) What words are used of dividing something into parts?
divide (up), divide into pieces, division, split (up), halve, quarter (v), apportion, take apart
Break
Use this domain for words referring breaking something into pieces, perhaps with the added idea of doing it accidentally or without being careful.
(1) What words refer to something breaking?
(2) What words refer to breaking something?
break, bust, fracture
(3) What words refer to breaking something into many small pieces?
break into pieces, smash, crush, pulverize, atomize
(4) What words describe something that has been broken?
broken, smashed, crushed, pulverized, (be) in pieces, busted
(5) What words refer to breaking through a barrier?
break through, breakout
(6) What words refer to a container like a bag, bottle, or bubble breaking because there was too much inside?
burst, break open
(7) What sounds do things make when they break?
snap, crack, pop, boom, crash
(8) What words describe something that is easily broken?
breakable, brittle, delicate, fragile, flimsy, 
(9) What words describe something that is not easily broken?
strong, tough, hard, unbreakable, durable, 
Crack
Use this domain for words referring to a crack--a partial break in something that does not entirely divide it in pieces.
(1) What words refer to a crack?
crack, split, fissure, crevasse
Cut
Use this domain for words related to cutting something.
(1) What general words refer to cutting something?
cut, 
(2) What words refer to cutting something with one slice?
slice, cut once, cut in one movement, 
(3) What words refer to cutting something with many slices?
hack, cut repeatedly
(4) What words refer to cutting something into many pieces?
cut up, cut into pieces, dice, grate, shred, cube, quarter, halve, mince, grind, 
(5) What words refer to cutting something with a swinging motion?
chop
(6) What words refer to cutting something with a particular tool?
knife, ax
(7) What words refer to a cut?
cut, incision
Tear, rip
Use this domain for words related to tearing or ripping something.
(1) What words refer to tearing something?
tear, rip, shred
Make hole, opening
Use this domain for words related to making a hole or opening in something.
(1) What words refer to making a hole in something?
make a hole, make an opening, pierce, put a hole in, bore, drill, stab, broach
(2) What words refer to an opening?
opening, hole, aperture
Dig
Use this domain for words related to digging in the ground.
(1) What words refer to digging?
dig, mine, excavate, tunnel, burrow, unearth, undermine, cave in, bulldoze, shovel out, scoop, scratch out, scrape, drill, dredge, sink (a hole)
(2) What words refer to a hole dug in the ground?
hole, pit, mine, excavation, tunnel, burrow, trench, ditch, shaft, foxhole, crater, cave, cavern, grotto
(3) What tools and machines are used to dig?
shovel, spade, hoe, pickaxe, steam shovel, bulldozer, backhoe
(4) What words describe the size of a hole in the ground?
deep, shallow, narrow, wide
(5) What words refer to putting something in a hole and covering it up?
bury
Break, wear out
Use this domain for words related to something breaking or wearing out, especially for things that people make and use.
break, bust, give out, 
(2) What words describe something that has broken?
broken, broken down, busted
(3) What words refer to something wearing out?
wear, wear out, deteriorate, 
(4) What words describe something that is worn?
used, well used, worn, well worn, is past its prime, second hand
(5) What words describe something that has been used so much that it is no longer useful?
worn out, has had it, is past it, 
Damage
Use this domain for words referring to damaging something--to do something bad to something, but not completely ruin it so that it can't be used any more.
(1) What words refer to damaging something?
damage, do damage, cause damage, break, bust, chip, corrode, corrupt, deface, dent, erode, harm, do harm, hurt, impair, injure, maltreat, mar, mess up, nick, sabotage, score, scratch, spoil, vandalize, 
(2) What words refer to deliberately damaging something?
vandalize, vandal, smash up, sabotage, tamper with, deface, desecrate, 
(3) What words refer to something being damaged over a long period of time?
wear away, corrode, erode, 
(4) What words refer to using something for a long time until it is damaged?
wear away, wear out, 
(5) What words refer to the act of damaging something?
corrosion, detriment, erosion, maltreatment, mischief, vandalism, 
(6) What words refer to the damage done to something?
damage (n), scar, wear (n), wear and tear, 
(7) What words refer to a person who damages things?
vandal, saboteur, bull in a china shop, 
(8) What words refer to something that damages things?
blight, 
(9) What words describe something that damages things?
harmful, toxic, toxicity, unwholesome, dangerous, 
(10) What words refer to something that has been damaged?
breakages, damaged goods, 
(11) What words describe something that has been damaged?
spoiled, broken, busted, messed up, damaged, crumbling, moth-eaten, 
(12) What words describe something that can be damaged easily?
vulnerable, 
Tear down
Use this domain for words referring to tearing down buildings and other structures.
(1) What words refer to tearing something down?
tear down, demolish, dismantle, take apart, take down
Destroy
Use this domain for words referring to destroying something--to damage something so that it is beyond repair and cannot be used.
(1) What words refer to destroying something?
destroy, blow up, hose (v), ruin, total (v), wreck, blow up, burn down, 
(2) What words refer to something being destroyed?
fall down, collapse, be blown down, 
(3) What words refer to the act or process of destroying something?
destruction, ruin, 
(4) What words refer to someone or something that destroys things?
destroyer, 
(5) What words describe someone of something that destroys things?
destructive, 
(6) What words refer to something that has been destroyed?
ruin, wreck, wreckage, shipwreck, 
(7) What words describe something that has been destroyed?
destroyed, ruined, wrecked, be in ruins, 
Repair
Use this domain for words related to repairing something.
(1) What words refer to repairing something?
repair, fix, mend, restore, restoration, undo, correct, rebuild, right, put to rights
States
Use this domain for general words refer to the state or condition of something.
(1) What general words refer to the state or condition of something?
state, condition, shape, position, 
(2) What words indicate the state that something is in?
be, fare, stand, 
Quantity
Use this domain for general words referring to the amount or quantity of something.
(1) What words refer to the amount of something?
amount, quantity, level, volume, percentage, proportion, sum, how much, ($100) worth, 
(2) What words refer to the amount of something that can be counted?
number, how many, numbers, ratio, 
(3) What words refer to the amount of food that someone is given?
portion, helping, serving, intake, ration, measure, 
(4) What words refer to a measured amount of something?
quota, load, 
(5) What words refer to the amount of something, such as fuel, that is available to be used?
pool, stock, reserves, 
(6) What words refer to the amount of medicine that a sick person needs?
dose, dosage, 
(7) What words refer to the amount of a problem such as crime or damage?
extent, incidence, level, rate, 
Number
Use this domain for words related to numbers. Every language has a word for 'one', and a word for 'two'. These two numbers often have special words. So we have included a separate domain for 'one' and 'two'. In addition the numbers form a series (one, two, three...). Most languages have more than one series of numbers (first, second, third...).  So we have also included a domain for each series of numbers that most languages have. Your language may have other series of numbers. Put them in the domain 'Number series'.
(1) What words refer to a written number?
number, figure, digit, numeral, 
(2) What words refer to a number of people or things?
toll, statistics, 
(3) What words describe different kinds of numbers?
even, odd, positive, negative, infinite, cardinal, ordinal, whole, fraction, decimal, 
(4) What words refer to writing numbers on a series of things?
number (v), numbered, 
(5) What words indicate that there are a particular number of something?
number (v), 
Cardinal numbers
Use this domain for words related to the cardinal numbers (one, two, three)--the numbers used to count.
(1) What are the cardinal numbers? (the numbers you use when you count)
zero, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen...
(2) multiples of ten
ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety
(3) multiples of one hundred
one hundred, two hundred
(4) multiples of one thousand
one thousand, two thousand
(5) numbers larger than one thousand
million, billion, trillion, quadrillion
(6) What words are used to refer to the numbers of a certain decimal place?
the digits, the tens, hundreds, thousands, millions, billions, trillions
(7) What words are used to refer to groups of a certain decimal place?
tens, hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands, millions, billions, trillions
(8) What words refer to a very large number?
huge number, myriad, zillion, jillion, umpteen, googolplex, 
(9) What words refer to an unlimited number?
infinity, infinite, boundless, endless, limitless, 
One
Use this domain for words related to the number one. It appears that every language has a word for 'one' and 'two', but not every language has a word for the numbers higher than two. Many languages have several words that mean 'one'.
(1) What words refer to one?
one, first, individual, single, only, the one, one apiece, one each, 
(2) What words refer to being by yourself?
alone, by yourself, sole, 
(3) What words refer to doing something by yourself?
alone, on your own, solo, solely, 
(4) What words refer to people doing something one by one?
one by one, singly, individually, 
(5) What words indicate that something happens or is done one time?
once, one time, single time, one-off, 
Two
Use this domain for words related to the number two.
(1) What words refer to two?
two, second, two times, two-fold, double (v), twins, brace, dichotomy, deuce, dual, dyad, twain, yoke, in pairs, in twos, two by two, by twos, two at a time, two apiece, two each, both, either, neither, 
(2) What words refer to two people who do things together?
couple, pair, duo, twosome, duet, 
(3) What words refer to two things that are used together?
pair, twin, 
(4) What words refer to something used by two people?
for two, double, two-man, 
(5) What words refer to something with two parts?
double (adj), couplet, duplex, 
(6) What words refer to something used for two things?
dual, twofold, 
(7) What words indicate that something is two times the amount of something else?
twice, double, twice as much (as), two times as much (as), two times what, double what, 
(8) What words indicate that something happens or is done two times?
twice, twice over, two-time, 
Ordinal numbers
Use this domain for words related to the ordinal numbers (first, second, third)--the numbers used to indicate the order of something in a series, such as "the first child".
(1) What are the ordinal numbers?
first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seven, eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, hundredth, thousandth, 
Number of times
Use this domain for numbers that refer to the number of times something happens or is done. These numbers may be adverbs as in English (twice) or in some languages they may be verbs (to do something two times).
(1) What words indicate the number of times something has happened? ("He fell down three times.")
once, one time, single time, twice, two times, three times, thrice, four times, many times
(2) What words describe something that has happened a particular number of times?
two-time, three-time, 
(3) What words refer to doing something a particular number of times (to do something once/twice/etc.)?
Multiples
Use this domain for words related to multiples of something (single, double, triple).
(1) What words describe something that is two or three times the amount of something else?
single (portion, scoop), double (adj), triple, quadruple, quintuple, two-fold, three-fold, four-fold, 
(2) What words indicate that something is two or three times the amount of something else?
twice as much (as), two times as much (as), two times what, double what, 
(3) What words refer to something becoming two or three times as much?
double (vi), triple, quadruple, 
(4) What words refer to making something become two or three times as much?
double (vt), triple, treble, quadruple, 
Numbered group
Use this domain for words related to a group of a particular number of things or people (solo, duo, trio; alone, in threes).
(1) What words refer to a group of a particular number?
single, duo, duet, trio, quartet, quintet, sextet, twins, triplets, quadruplets, quintuplets, sextuplets, twosome, threesome, foursome, fortnight, decade, century, millennium, dozen, score, gross, 
(2) What words indicate that only one person does something?
alone (adv), solo, 
(3) What words refer to a group of two?
pair, couple, couplet, brace, dichotomy, deuce, dual, dyad, twain, yoke, 
(4) What words refer to a group of three?
trilogy, trinity, triple, triumvirate, triune, 
(5) What words indicate that something is done in groups of a certain number?
singly, one by one, two by two, three by three, by ones, by twos, by threes, in pairs, in threes, one at a time, two at a time, three at a time, 
(6) What words indicate that everyone is to get a certain number of something?
one apiece, two apiece, three apiece, one each, two each, three each, 
Fraction
Use this domain for the numbers that refer to a fraction of something.
(1) What general words refer to a fraction of something?
fraction, proportion, percentage, decimal, decimal point, 
(2) What words refer to a particular fraction of something?
half, one half, third, one third, two thirds, quarter, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth
(3) What words refer to dividing something into a fraction of the whole?
halve, quarter (v), bisect, trisect, (divide/cut/fold) in half, in two, 
Number series
Use this domain for other series of numbers that are different from those in the previous domains.
(1) What words refer to something made up of a certain number of parts?
duplex, tandem, tripartite, 
Count
Use this domain for words related to counting--to say the numbers in order, or to use numbers to find an amount.
(1) What words refer to saying the numbers in order?
count, countdown, say your numbers
(2) What words refer to counting the number of something?
count, count up, at the last count, keep count, keep track, keep a tally of, enumerate, enumeration, 
(3) What words refer to determining the amount of something without being exact?
estimate, assess, reckon, 
(4) What words refer to determining the quantity of something a second time?
recount, renumber
(5) What words refer to making a mistake when you count?
miscalculate, miscount, lose count, 
(6) What words refer to the number or amount of something that is counted?
calculation, sum, estimate, estimation, count (n), 
(7) What words refer to assigning a number to each thing in a series?
number, assign a number, count off
(8) What words describe an amount that cannot be counted?
innumerable, unnumbered, uncountable, uncounted, countless, 
Mathematics
Use this domain for words related to mathematics and arithmetic--the study of numbers.
(1) What words refer to mathematics?
mathematics, math, arithmetic, geometry, algebra, calculus, trigonometry, statistics, 
(2) What words refer to determining the amount of something?
calculate, work out, figure out, make, figure, compute, solve, 
(3) What words indicate the answer in an equation?
is, equals, get, 
(4) What words refer to the answer to a mathematical problem?
answer, solution, 
(5) What words are used to talk about mathematics?
problem, equation, square root, squared, graph, axis, 
(6) What words refer to a person who studies mathematics?
mathematician, statistician, 
(7) What instruments are used to do mathematics?
calculator, computer, abacus, slide rule, 
Add numbers
Use this domain for words related to adding two numbers together.
(1) What words refer to adding two numbers together?
add, addition, 
(2) What words refer to adding a series of numbers?
add up, tally (v), total (v), 
(3) What words are used for addition equations?
plus, and, added to, 
(4) What words indicate the answer in an equation?
makes, 
(5) What words refer to the total?
total (n), total (adj), sum, tally (n), grand total, subtotal, gross, aggregate, amount, 
(6) What words indicate that a particular number is the total?
altogether, in total, in all, all told, 
(7) What words indicate that the number of a group of things reaches a particular total?
come to, amount to, total (v), reach, add up to, make, bring the number to, bring the total to, number (v), 
Subtract numbers
Use this domain for words related to subtracting one number from another.
(1) What words refer to subtracting one number from another number?
subtract, take, take away, deduct, subtraction, 
(2) What words are used for subtraction equations?
minus, subtracted from, from, less, 
(3) What words indicate the answer?
leave, be left with, 
(4) What words refer to the answer?
remainder, difference, 
Multiply numbers
Use this domain for words related to multiplying one number times another.
(1) What words refer to multiplying one number times another?
multiply, multiplication, multiples of (a number), 
(2) What words are used for multiplication equations?
multiplied by, times, 
product, 
Divide numbers
Use this domain for words related to dividing one number by another number.
(1) What words are used of dividing one number by another number?
divide, division, 
(2) What words are used for division equations?
divided by, into, go into, 
times, 
quotient, 
Plural
Use this domain for words and affixes that indicate that there is more than one of something. Some languages, such as Indo-European languages,  indicate plural with an affix. Other languages, such as Austronesian languages, use a separate word. Some languages also have words or affixes that indicate that there are two of something.
(1) What words indicate that there is more than one of something?
-s
(2) What words indicate that there are two of something?
pair of 
Many, much
Use this domain for words indicating that there are many things or people, or that there is much of something.
(1) What words indicate that there is a large amount of something?
a lot of, lots of, a great deal of, a good deal of, a fair bit of, a fair amount of, much, loads of, tons of, masses of, scads of, piles of, heaps of, stacks of, a mountain of, extensive, widespread, big amount, lots and lots, 
(2) What words indicate that there are a large number of things or people?
a lot of, lots of, many, many of, a large number of, large numbers of, plenty of, loads of, tons of, masses of, scads of, a bunch of, dozens of, numerous, a host of, quite a few, a wide range of, a raft of, multi-, multiple, a multitude of, considerable, goodly number, plethora, profuse, oodles, scores of, 
(3) What words indicate that there are a very large number of things or people?
hundreds of, thousands of, millions of, a great many, countless, innumerable, overwhelming, myriad, 
(4) What words indicate that many things are happening?
flood of, wave of, deluge of, avalanche of, stream, torrent, 
(5) What words indicate that many bad things are happening?
spate of, epidemic, rash of, wave, be a hotbed of, 
(6) What words indicate that many people are doing something?
in large numbers, in droves, in force, in strength, thick and fast, be dying like flies, be dropping like flies, 
(7) What words describe something that many people are doing?
common, popular, widespread, widely, 
(8) What words indicate that someone does something a lot?
a lot, a good deal, a great deal, quite a bit, plenty, heavy, 
(9) What words describe something that contains a lot of a particular substance?
high in, rich in, 
(10) What words describe someone who makes many things?
productive, prolific, 
(11) What words refer to using or giving a lot of something?
generous, liberal, 
(12) What words describe a large number or amount?
large, big, high, sizable, considerable, substantial, significant, generous, handsome, hefty, 
(13) What words describe a very large number or amount?
huge, enormous, vast, massive, colossal, goodly, immense, whopping, 
Few, little
Use this domain for words related there being few or little of something.
(1) What words indicate that there is a small amount of something?
a little, a bit of, a small amount of, trace, trickle, dab, an element of, a touch of, a hint of, taste of, dearth, grain, hair, inappreciable, inconsequential, inconsiderable, infinitesimal, insignificant, iota, limited, minimum, minute, mite, moderate, modest, modicum, ounce, particle, poor, scant, scanty, scintilla, shred, slight, smidgen, some, speck, spoonful, suggestion, suspicion, tidbit, tinge, tiny, trifle, whit
(2) What words indicate that there is a very small amount of something?
not much, very little, to speak of, hardly any, scarcely any, almost no, minimal, negligible, precious little, next to nothing, a smattering of, a scrap of, tiny, minute, 
(3) What words indicate that there are a small number of things or people?
few, a small number of, one or two, a handful of, sparse, not many, a couple of, 
(4) What words indicate that there are a very small number of things or people?
very few, 
(5) What words refer to a small amount of food?
a little, a drop of, pinch, dash, mouthful, in moderation, meager
(6) What words describe something that contains a little of a particular substance?
low in, 
(7) What words refer to a small amount of money?
next to nothing, nominal, a drop in the ocean, paltry, miserly, a pittance, peanuts, 
(8) What words refer to a small number of people that are part of a larger group?
a minority of, 
(9) What words indicate that few people are doing something?
a trickle, in dribs and drabs, in ones and twos, 
(10) What words refer to using or giving a little of something?
dab (v), spoon out, frugal, parsimonious, scrimp, be sparing, stingy, stint, 
Group of things
Use this domain for words that refer to a group of things.
(1) What words refer to a group of things?
group, collection, lot, cluster, clump, assortment, accumulation, aggregate, bits-and-pieces, nuts-and-bolts, odds-and-ends, stockpile, system, volley, wares
(2) What words refer to a group of things that belong together?
set, batch, suit, 
(3) What words refer to a group of things that are tied or joined together?
bundle, bunch, sheaf, pack, package, packet, string of, 
(4) What words refer to a group of things that are put on top of each other?
pile, stack, heap, 
(5) What words refer to a group of things that are moved together?
cargo, contents, freight, goods, lading, load, 
(6) What words indicate that something is a member of a group?
member, one of, part of, belong to, go with, 
More
Use this domain for words related to there being more of something.
(1) What words refer to more of something in addition to what is already there?
more, extra, another, added, additional, further, supplementary, spare, 
(2) What words indicate an amount that is more than an amount already mentioned?
more than, over and above, as well as, plus, in addition to, on top of, 
(3) What words describe something that is more than another thing in number or amount?
more, greater, higher, to a greater extent, to a greater degree, 
(4) What words indicate that the actual number is more than a particular number?
more, over, above, beyond, greater than, in excess of, upwards of, plus, at least, 
(5) What words refer to something being more than a particular number or amount?
be more than, be greater than, exceed, outnumber, be up on, pass, go past, surpass, 
(6) What words indicate that there are many more of something?
many more, much more, far more, far beyond, way beyond, a lot more, 
Less
Use this domain for words that indicate that the number or amount of something is less than the number or amount of another thing.
(1) What words describe something that is less than another thing in number or amount?
less, fewer, not as much, not so much, not as many, not so many, lower, to a lesser degree, to a lesser extent, be in the minority, fewer and fewer, less and less, not more than, at the most, 
(2) What words indicate that something is less than a particular number or amount?
less than, under, below, lower, within, minus, 
(3) What words indicate that there is much less of something?
much less, far less, far fewer, way below, 
(4) What words indicate that something is less in some quality than another thing?
less, not as, not so, 
(5) What words indicate that something happens less or is done less?
not as much, not so much, 
Increase
Use this domain for words related to something increasing in number or amount--to be more than before.
(1) What words refer to something increasing in number or amount?
increase, go up, rise, grow, climb, gain, escalate, pick up, improve, widen, augment, expand, 
(2) What words describe something that is increasing in number or amount?
increasing, rising, growing, mounting, escalating, expanding, more and more, cumulative, 
(3) What words refer to increasing a lot?
multiply, double, treble, quadruple, proliferate, snowball, 
(4) What words refer to increasing very quickly?
shoot up, soar, rocket, go through the roof, spiral, take off, jump, 
(5) What words refer to increasing slowly?
accumulate, build up, pile up, collect, gather, mount up, 
(6) What words refer to causing something to increase?
increase (vt), raise, put up, push up, drive up, force up, boost, maximize, 
(7) What words refer to increasing something by adding to it?
add to, strengthen, swell, augment, supplement, 
(8) What words refer to increasing what a machine is doing?
turn up, 
(9) What words refer to an increase in number or amount?
increase (n), growth, rise, raise, build-up, upturn, hike, increment, proliferation, addition, supplement, 
(10) What words refer to a large increase?
leap, surge, explosion, boom, jump, 
(11) What words indicate that something happens or someone does something more than before?
increasingly, gain ground, get more and more, become more and more, grow in, gain in, 
(12) What words describe something that someone is doing or feeling more than before?
increased, heightened, greater, higher, 
Decrease
Use this domain for words related to something decreasing in number or amount--to be less than before.
(1) What words refer to something decreasing in number or amount?
decrease, fall, go down, come down, slide, diminish, contract, shrink, lessen, reduce, reduction, depreciate, lose, narrow, slow down, abate, peter out, tail off, waste away, 
(2) What words describe something that is decreasing in number or amount?
decreasing, declining, falling, lowering, shrinking, less and less, fewer and fewer, 
(3) What words refer to decreasing very quickly?
drop, plummet, plunge, nosedive, slump, collapse, go through the floor, 
(4) What words refer to decreasing slowly?
dwindle, decline, be on the decline, taper off, drop off, die down, ease off, 
(5) What words refer to a decrease in number or amount?
decrease (n), reduction, drop, fall, decline, downturn, loss, cut, slump, collapse, 
(6) What words refer to a quality becoming less?
lessen, subside, wane, ebb, recede, 
(7) What words indicate that something happens or someone does something less than before?
decreasingly, lose ground, become less and less, get less and less, 
(8) What words describe something that someone is doing or feeling less than before?
decreased, lowered, lower, 
(9) What words refer to causing something to decrease?
reduce, lower, decrease, cut, slash, roll back, knock down, halve, minimize, abbreviate, abridge, curtail, dilate, drain, 
(10) What words refer to reducing the amount of something you use or how much you do?
reduce, cut down on, scale down, scale back, cut back, trim, pare down, downsize, scrimp, 
(11) What words refer to reducing pain or a bad feeling?
reduce, lessen, relieve, ease, alleviate, deaden, dull, take the edge off, allay, mitigate, 
(12) What words refer to decreasing what a machine is doing?
reduce, lower, turn down, 
(13) What words refer to something slowly reducing the number or amount of something?
erode, eat into, deplete, whittle away, 
All
Use this domain for words related to all.
(1) What words refer to all of a group of things?
all, everything, the lot, every, each, without exception, altogether, total, a hundred percent, whatsoever, whichever, 
(2) What words refer to all of something?
all, whole, entire, the lot, every bit of, every inch of, every drop of, in its entirety, from start to finish, the whole of, totality, 
(3) What words refer to all of what you want?
whatever, anything, everything but the kitchen sink, you name it, 
(4) What words describe something that affects or includes everything?
total, blanket, overall, global, all-embracing, universal, all-pervading, complete, comprehensive, exhaustive, full, general, indiscriminate, sweeping, thorough, thoroughgoing, unmitigated, unqualified, utter, widespread, worldwide
(5) What words refer to all people?
everyone, everybody, anybody, whoever, whomever, whomsoever, whosoever, 
(6) What words refer to all times?
always, every time, any time, everyday, 
(7) What words refer to all places?
everywhere, 
(8) What words refer to all ways?
every way, all-out, 
Some
Use this domain for words related to some--a number or amount of things or people when the number is not stated; an indefinite number or amount.
(1) What words indicate some of a group of things or people?
some, any, several, a number of, 
(2) What words indicate some of an amount of something?
some, any, a certain amount of, a measure of, 
None, nothing
Use this domain for words that nothing, no one, never, and nowhere.
(1) What words refer to no thing?
none, not any, no, nothing, not anything, be nil, bugger all, 
(2) What words refer to not any of a number of things?
none, not any, no, not one, not a, nothing, 
(3) What words refer to no person?
no one, nobody, 
(4) What words refer to no time?
never, no time, 
(5) What words refer to no place?
nowhere, no place, 
(6) What words refer to the number zero?
zero, nil, naught, o,  
Both
Use this domain for words referring to both of two things.
(1) What words refer to both of two things?
both, the two of, the pair of, each, mutual, share, either, neither, 
Most, almost all
Use this domain for words related to most--more than half and less than all of something.
(1) What words refer to most of something?
most, almost all, nearly all, the majority, the bulk of, the better part of, the best part of, the lion's share, the biggest slice of the cake, 
(2) What words describe something that is done by most people?
generally, broad, 
(3) What words indicate that most of a group is of one kind.
mostly, mainly, largely, predominantly, predominate, be in the majority, a preponderance, 
(4) What words indicate that something happens or someone does something more than anything else?
mostly, mainly, in most cases, most of the time, 
(5) What words refer to less than half of something?
minority, 
Most, least
Use this domain for words related to the most--the largest number or amount; or the least--the smallest number or amount. Most/least may refer to the largest/smallest number possible or needed. If there are several groups being counted, most/least may refer to the largest/smallest group.
(1) What words refer to the largest amount of something?
maximum, most, 
(2) What words refer to the smallest amount of something?
the least, minimum, the fewest, the lowest, 
(3) What words refer to the largest group?
the most, 
(4) What words refer to the smallest group?
the least, 
(5) What words refer to an amount being the largest it has ever been?
an all-time high, record high, high water mark, 
(6) What words refer to an amount being the smallest it has ever been?
an all-time low, record low, lowest ebb,
Almost
Use this domain for words related to a number or amount that is almost the same as another number.
(1) What words indicate that something is almost a particular number or amount?
almost, nearly, close to, close on, approaching, nearing, not quite, be pushing, pretty well, 
(2) What words indicate that someone has almost reached a place?
almost, nearly, just about, 
(3) What words indicate that something has almost reached a particular state?
almost, nearly, very nearly, just about, practically, virtually, all but, as good as, to all intents and purposes, nearing, approaching, near to, close to, verging on, bordering on, more or less, pretty much, not quite, 
(4) What words indicate that something is almost finished?
almost, nearly, just about, practically, as good as, more or less, not quite, 
(5) What words indicate that someone almost does something?
almost, nearly, very nearly, come close to, be on the verge of, come within an inch of, 
(6) What words indicate that something almost happens?
almost, be near to, be on the brink of, come within an inch of, 
(7) What words indicate that something is almost the best or worst example of some quality?
almost, nearly, practically, virtually, just about, verging on, bordering on, 
(8) What words indicate that something is so similar to something that it is almost the same thing?
almost, practically, virtually, 
(9) What words indicate that something is almost some quality (such as some color or shape)?
almost, more or less, practically, virtually, not quite, 
(10) What words indicate that something is true of or has happened to almost all of something?
almost, nearly, practically, virtually, pretty well, more or less, just about, 
Only
Use this domain for words referring to only a particular number or amount of people or things--no more than one, or no more than a particular number or amount.
(1) What words describe the only person or thing?
only, sole, the one, lone, solitary, alone, one and only, single, 
(2) What words indicate that there is only a particular number or amount of something?
only, just, no more than, all, 
(3)  What words indicate something is true of only one thing or one group of things, and not true of others?
only, just, exclusively, nothing but, nothing else, be limited to, be restricted to, be confined to, be unique to, be peculiar to, exclusive, 
(4) What words indicate that something is only what you say it is, and not something more?
only, just, purely, merely, mere, nothing but, 
Exact
Use this domain for words that indicate whether a number or amount is exact--not more and not less.
(1) What words describe a number or amount that is exact?
exact, precise, 
(2) What words indicate that a number or amount is exact?
exactly, precisely, 
(3) What words indicate that something happens at an exact time?
exactly, precisely, on the dot, sharp, 
(4) What words indicate that something happens at an exact place?
right, bang, smack, plumb, 
(5) What words describe something that is exactly the same as another thing?
exact, accurate, faithful, strict, literal, word for word, just
(6) What words indicate that something is done in exactly the right way?
exactly, strictly, religiously, to the letter,  
Approximate
Use this domain for words that indicate whether a number or amount is approximate.
(1) What words describe a number or amount that is approximate?
approximate, rough, 
(2) What words describe something that is not exact?
inexact, inaccurate, sort of, kind of, 
(3) What words indicate that a particular number or amount is approximate?
about, approximately, roughly, give or take, at a guess, somewhere in the region of, an estimated, some, something like, in round numbers, close to, 
(4) What words indicate an approximate number when the actual number is possibly more?
or so, odd, or more, at least, and maybe more, barely, hardly, little more than, scarcely, 
(5) What words indicate an approximate number when the actual number is possibly less?
at most, as much as, short of, 
(6) What words refer to determining the approximate number of amount of something?
approximate (v), estimate (v), overestimate, underestimate, 
(7) What words refer to estimating a number to the nearest ten, hundred, thousand, etc?
rounded to the nearest ten/hundred/thousand, round up, round down, 
(8) What words refer to a number that is approximate?
estimate (n), approximation, ballpark figure, round figure, 
(9) What words indicate that something happens at an approximate time?
about, around, approximately, round about, or thereabouts, circa, some time, 
(10) What words indicate that something happens at an approximate place?
about, around, in the vicinity of, near, close to, 
(11) What words describe something that is approximately the same as another thing?
narrowly, rather, 
(12) What words indicate that something is done in approximately the right way?
roughly, more or less, somewhat, 
(13) What words describe something that is approximately the same as another thing?
loose, vague, hazy, impressionistic, broad, 
Average
Use this domain for words related to an average number.
(1) What words refer to an average number?
average (n), mean, medium, median, 
(2) What words describe an average number?
average (adj), mean (adj), medium (adj),  medial, on average, 
(3) What words refer to calculating the average?
average (v), average out, 
Whole, complete
Use this domain for words describing a whole thing--all of something with no parts missing.
(1) What words indicate that something is whole?
complete, full, whole, in full, in its entirety, be all there, all of, entire, intact, undivided, united, 
(2) What words refer to making something complete?
complete, make up, assemble, 
(3) What words indicate that something is not whole?
incomplete, partial,  missing something, 
Part
Many things have parts. Use this domain for words referring to a part of something, and for words that express the idea that something has parts, that something is a part of something, or that link the whole with a part.
(1) What words refer to a part of something?
part, bit, portion, section, segment, sample, cross-section, member, 
(2) What words refer to the parts that something is made from?
component, element, piece, ingredient, constituent
(3) What words refer to the parts of a process?
stage, phase, round, 
(4) What words refer to the parts of an organization?
branch, department, division, section, sector, wing, end, subdivision, 
(5) What words refer to the parts of a story?
episode, installment, chapter, scene, part, extract, excerpt, clip, 
(6) What words refer to the parts of a situation?
aspect, side, dimension, facet, factor, feature, detail, 
(7) What words refer to being a part of something?
be part of, form a part of, inherent, 
(8) What words indicate that something has parts?
have, of, -'s, consist of, be made of, be made up of, be composed of, comprise, be divided into, include
Piece
Use this domain for words referring to a part of something that has been broken or cut off.
(1) What words refer to a piece of something?
piece, bit, 
(2) What words refer to a piece that has flat sides?
block, cube, slab, bar, 
(3) What words refer to a piece that is irregular in shape?
chunk, hunk, lump, dollop, 
(4) What words refer to a thin piece?
sheet, slip, pane, slice, 
(5) What words refer to a very small piece?
grain, flake, speck, fleck, crumb, morsel, tidbit, dot, mote, 
(6) What words refer to a small piece that is left after something has been broken?
fragment, scrap, splinter, chip, shard, 
(7) What words refer to a part of something that has been made by dividing it in some way?
pinch (of salt), cut (of meat), slice (of bread), bite (of cake)
Enough
Use this domain for words related to being or having enough--to have as much of something or as many of something as you need or want.
(1) What words describe something that you have enough of?
enough, sufficient, adequate, satisfactory, enough to go round, 
(2) What words indicate that there is enough of something for what you need?
be enough, do, suffice, cover, last, meet someone's needs, get by, afford to, 
(3) What words indicate that someone is strong enough or old enough to do something?
enough, sufficiently
(4) What words describe a situation in which someone does enough or something happens enough?
do enough, sufficiently, adequacy, adequately, satisfactorily, sufficiency, 
(5) What words refer to having enough of something?
have enough, be OK for, be all right for, be well off for, have sufficient, 
(6) What words refer to having enough of something to do what you want?
have the time/money, can afford, can spare, run to, 
(7) What words refer to having more than enough, but not too much?
more than enough, plenty, ample, 
(8) What words refer to not having enough?
not enough, insufficient, too little, too few, scarce, inadequate, inadequacy, shortage, lack of, be in short supply, be short, 
(9) What words indicate that there is not enough of something for what you need?
not be enough, be running short, not last, won't last, 
(10) What words indicate that someone is not strong enough or old enough to do something?
not (strong) enough, not sufficiently, 
(11) What words describe a situation in which someone does not do enough or something does not happens enough?
not...enough, too little, 
(12) What words refer to not having enough of something?
not have enough, be short of, be short on, go short, be running short of, deficient, be starved of, be lacking in,
(13) What words refer to not having enough of something to do what you want?
not have enough, can't afford, be strapped for cash, 
Extra
Use this domain for words related to having extra--to have more than enough or more than what you need.
(1) What words refer to having extra?
have extra, 
(2) What words indicate that there is more than enough of something?
plenty of, more than enough, bags of, in large quantities, plentiful, ample, abundant, an abundance of, in abundance, copious, galore, to spare, 
(3) What words refer to the amount that is extra?
extra (n), surplus, excess, leftover, overflow, 
(4) What words describe something that is extra?
extra (adj), spare, superfluous, 
(5) What words refer to having too much?
too much, too many, excessive, 
Lack
Use this domain for words related to having insufficient--to not have enough.
(1) What words refer to not having enough?
lack, suffer lack, be lacking in, have insufficient, be insufficient, don't have enough, ill-furnished, ill-provided, deficient, 
(2) What words describe something that you lack?
inadequate, insufficient, meager, needed, poor, scant, scanty, scarce, short, 
(3) What words refer to something that you lack?
lack (n), want (n), deficiency, scarcity, shortage, 
(4) What words refer to not having enough food or money to live?
destitute, can't make ends meet, starve, 
Need
Use this domain for words related to needing something for some purpose.
(1) What words refer to needing something?
need, be in need of, require, be a need for, could do with, have a need, be in a pinch, be in want, 
(2) What words refer to needing something very much?
be desperate for, be crying out for, can't do without, be dependent on, depend on, rely on, be reliant on, badly need, 
(3) What words refer to something that is needed?
someone's needs, necessity, requirement, need (n), 
(4) What words describe something that is needed?
necessary, essential, vital, indispensable, be a necessity, be a must, requisite, prerequisite, required, 
(5) What words refer to a situation in which someone needs something?
need (n), time of need, dependence, reliance, 
(6) What words describe someone who needs something?
needy, dependent, 
(7) What words refer to something needing something done to it?
need, be in need of, could do with, 
(8) What words indicate that something makes it necessary to do something?
make it necessary, necessitate, call for, entail, take, need, require, 
(9) What words refer to providing something that is needed?
meet a need, satisfy a need, fulfill requirements, meet requirements, meet the demand, fill a need, 
(10) What words refer to not needing something?
don't need, can do without, can manage without, have no need of, have no use for, can dispense with, 
(11) What words describe something that is not needed?
unnecessary, needless, gratuitous, dispensable, luxury, 
(12) What words describe someone who does not need anything?
independent, 
Remain, remainder
Use this domain for words related to the remainder of something--the part or amount of something that remains behind after the other parts have been taken away. Something can be left because everything else has been used or eaten, or everything else has been destroyed or burned.
(1) What words refer to something remaining?
left, remain, be left over, survive, be still standing, to spare, to go, in hand, 
(2) What words refer to the remainder?
the remains, remnants, leftovers, ruins, what is left of, what remains of, the rest, the remainder, the last of, residue, 
(3) What words refer to the bad part that remains after the good part has been taken?
butt, dregs, leavings, offscourings, rags, scraps, sweepings, 
(4) What words refer to a very small part that remains?
fragment, shadow, trace, vestige
(5) What words describe something that remains?
remaining, last, outstanding, spare, leftover, residual, surplus, surviving, 
Full
Use this domain for words referring to a container being full of something.
(1) What words describe something that is full?
full, full up, bulging, be full to the brim, be bursting at the seams, be full to capacity, be chock-a-block, be packed out, be up to the brim, brimful, brimming, bursting, charged, chock-full, chockablock, jam-packed, jammed, loaded, replete, saturated, soaked, stuffed, supercharged, 
(2) What words refer to something being full of something?
be full of, be filled with, be crammed with, be stuffed with, be packed with, be packed full of, be crammed full of, 
(3) What words describe a place that is full of people?
crowded, packed, crammed with, be packed out, booked up, fully booked, congested, dense, occupied, throng, thronged, thronging, 
(4) What words refer to something become full?
fill, fill up, 
(5) What words refer to making something full?
fill, fill up, cram, pack, stuff, crowd, load, load up, fill to the brim, flood, inject, jam, pump something full, suffuse, 
(6) What words describe something that has been made full?
filled, 
(7) What words refer to filling something again after it has been emptied?
refill, replenish, top up, top off, 
(8) What words refer to a place being full of animals or insects?
swarm, teem, be teeming with, be swarming with, be crawling with, 
(9) What words refer to being fuller than another thing?
fuller, fullest, 
(10) What words refer to the state of being full?
fullness, 
(11) What words indicate how full something is?
how full, be (half) full, 
(12) What words describe something that is almost full?
almost full, not quite full
(13) What words refer to something being partly full?
half full, 
(14) What words describe something that is full and overflowing?
overflow, overflowing, run over, running over, brimming over, full and running over, overcrowded, overfilled, 
Empty
Use this domain for words referring to being empty.
(1) What words describe something that is empty?
empty, blank, devoid, hollow, clear, cleaned out, barren, drained, dry, 
(2) What words describe a place that has no people in it?
empty, bare, deserted, desolate, ghost town, wasteland, uninhabited, lonely, vacant, free, unoccupied,  
(3) What words indicate that no one is in a place?
nobody present, no one here, no one there, not a soul, nary a one, 
(4) What words refer to something that is empty?
empties, blank (n), space, vacuum, the void, vacancy, 
(5) What words refer to something becoming empty?
empty (v), drain, 
(6) What words refer to making something empty?
empty (v), drain, turn out, clear (v), dump out, clean out, 
(7) What words describe something that has been made empty?
emptied, depleted, 
(8) What words refer to the state of being empty?
emptiness, 
(9) What words describe something that is almost empty?
almost empty, not quite empty, 
(10) What words refer to something being partly empty?
half empty, 
Big
Use this domain for words describing something that is big.
(1) What words describe something that is big?
big, large, biggish, bulky, fair-sized, be a fair size, good-sized, be a good size, bulky, grand, imposing, sizable, substantial, 
(2) What words describe something that is very big?
huge, enormous, massive, colossal, great, giant, gigantic, great big, be a whopper, be quite a size, astronomical, elephantine, mammoth, monstrous, monumental, prodigious, stupendous, tremendous, vast, 
(3) What words refer to something that is big?
mass, giant, 
(4) What words refer to something becoming big?
get bigger, expand, grow, swell up, stretch, inflate, increase in size, swell, mushroom, 
(5) What words refer to part of something becoming big?
branch, excrescence, 
(6) What words refer to making something big?
extend, stretch, enlarge, blow up, magnify, expand, inflate, augment, 
(7) What words refer to the process of becoming big?
enlargement, expansion, extension, growth, inflation, increase (n), magnification, 
(8) What words describe something that has been made big?
enlarged, swollen, inflated, 
(9) What words refer to being bigger than another thing?
bigger, biggest, larger, largest, greater, greatest, 
(10) What words describe something that is much bigger than other things of the same type?
outsized, giant, extra large, 
(11) What words refer to how big something is?
size, dimensions, magnitude, 
(12) What words indicate how big something is?
how big, measure (10 meters), be 10 meters long/wide/high, 
(13) What words refer to measuring how big something is?
measure, 
(14) What words refer to a unit of size?
cubic (inch, foot, yard), 
(15) What instruments are used to measure the size of something?
ruler, tape measure
(16) What words describe a system of measures?
metric
(17) What words describe something that is not big or small?
medium, average, medium-sized, average-sized, in between, 
(18) What words refer to something being big on one side or end?
flare, spread, lopsided, fan out, 
(19) What words describe something that is too big?
gross, outsized, overgrown, oversized, unwieldy, 
Small
Use this domain for words referring to being small.
(1) What words describe something that is small?
small, little, dainty, miniature, compact, 
(2) What words describe something that is very small?
tiny, minute, miniscule, microscopic, infinitesimal, wee, diminutive, 
(3) What words refer to something that is small?
dwarf, midget, 
(4) What words refer to something becoming small?
get smaller, shrink, shrivel, shrivel up, contract, decrease in size, reduce, wither, 
(5) What words refer to making something small?
shrink, stunt, 
(6) What words refer to the process of becoming small?
reduction, contraction, decrease (n), 
(7) What words describe something that has been made small?
shrunken, 
(8) What words refer to being smaller than another thing?
smaller, smallest, littler, littlest, 
(9) What words describe something that is much smaller than other things of the same type?
undersized, dwarf, midget, extra small, 
(10) What words refer to how small something is?
size, 
(11) What words indicate how small something is?
how small, 
(12) What words describe something that is made small enough to carry?
compact, pocket, miniature
Long
Use this domain for words related to being long. In many languages there is more than one system of measuring length. These systems may be used for different purposes or in different jobs. For instance measuring the length of an object may use different words than measuring the distance a person travels.
(1) What words describe something that is long?
long, lengthy, extensive, 
(2) What words describe a long distance?
long, huge, vast, 
(3) What words refer to something that is long?
a length of, 
(4) What words refer to something becoming long?
get longer, lengthen, stretch, 
(5) What words refer to making something long?
make something longer, lengthen, extend, stretch, 
(6) What words describe something that has been made long?
lengthened, elongated, extended, stretched, outstretched, 
(7) What words refer to being longer than another thing?
longer, longest, 
(8) What words refer to how long something is?
length, distance, how long, span, 
(9) What words indicate how long something is?
is, measure (v), long, in length, how long, be (two inches) (too) long, 
(10) What words refer to measuring how long something is?
measure, pace off, step off, 
(11) What words refer to a unit of length?
inch, foot, yard, mile, light year, millimeter, centimeter, meter, kilometer, day's journey, 
(12) What instruments are used to measure the length of something?
caliper, chain, line, micrometer, rod, rule, ruler, tape measure, measuring tape, tapeline, yardstick, 
(13) What words describe a system of lengths?
metric,  
Short, not long
Use this domain for words related to being short in length.
(1) What words describe something that is short?
short, compact, dumpy, dwarfed, pug, runty, shrimpy, skimpy, stubby, stumpy, 
(2) What words refer to something becoming short?
get shorter, shrink, contract, 
(3) What words refer to making something short?
shorten, make something shorter, cut down, condense
(4) What words describe something that has been made short?
shortened, abbreviated, abridged, compressed, condensed, contracted, shriveled, shrunk, shrunken, 
(5) What words refer to being shorter than another thing?
shorter, shortest, 
(6) What words refer to how short something is?
shortness, 
(7) What words indicate how short something is?
how short, be (two inches) (too) short,  
Tall
Use this domain for words related to being tall--a word describing something that is big from the top to the bottom.
(1) What words describe something that is tall?
tall, high, 
(2) What words describe something that is very tall?
soaring, towering, 
(3) What words describe a tall person?
tall, lanky, gangling, leggy, hulking, gangly, strapping, 
(4) What words refer to a tall person?
giant, 
(5) What words refer to becoming tall?
get taller, grow, sprout, shoot up, put on height
(6) What words refer to making something tall?
raise, heighten, 
(7) What words describe something that has been made tall?
raised, heightened, 
(8) What words refer to being taller than another thing?
taller, tallest, tower over, tower above, dwarf (v), dominate, 
(9) What words refer to how tall something is?
height, stature, 
(10) What words indicate how tall something is?
how tall, be (six feet) tall, be (ten meters) high, be (six feet) in height, 
Short, not tall
Use this domain for words related to being short in height.
short, dumpy, dwarfed, low, runty, shrimpy, squat, squatty, stumpy, low, 
(2) What words describe someone who is short?
short, not very tall, small, little, petite, squat, 
(3) What words describe someone who is very short?
tiny, diminutive, puny, 
(4) What words refer to a short person?
midget, squirt, dwarf, runt, shrimp, 
(5) What words refer to becoming short?
shrink, 
(6) What words refer to making something shorter?
shorten, shrink something, 
(7) What words describe something that has been made short?
shortened, shrunken, 
(8) What words refer to how short something is?
shortness, how short, 
(9) What words indicate how short something is?
be (two inches) (too) short,  
Thick
Use this domain for words referring to being thick.
(1) What words describe something that is thick?
thick, chunky, fat, 
(2) What words describe something like a branch or rope that is thick?
thick, stout, 
(3) What words describe something like cloth or paper that is thick?
thick, heavy, 
(4) What words refer to something becoming thick?
thicken, get thick, 
(5) What words refer to making something thick?
thicken, 
(6) What words refer to being thicker than another thing?
thicker, thickest, 
(7) What words refer to how thick something is?
thickness, 
(8) What words indicate how thick something is?
how thick, be ten centimeters thick, 
(9) What words describe a part of something that is thick?
thickening, 
Thin thing
Use this domain for words describing something that is thin.
(1) What words describe something that is thin?
thin, slender, slight, stringy, 
(2) What words describe something like a branch or rope that is thin?
thin, spindly, 
(3) What words describe something like thread that is thin?
fine, fibrous, fine-spun, 
(4) What words describe something that is thin and flat?
thin, paper-thin, wafer-thin, slim, 
(5) What words describe something like cloth or paper that is thin?
thin, fine, light, lightweight, 
(6) What words describe something that is thin and weak?
flimsy, tenuous, 
(7) What words refer to something becoming thin?
get thinner, grow thinner, 
(8) What words refer to making something thin?
taper, 
(9) What words refer to being thinner than another thing?
thinner, thinnest, 
(10) What words describe something that is thin on one side or end?
tapering, 
Fat person
Use this domain for words describing a person or animal who is fat.
(1) What words describe someone who is fat?
fat, overweight, big, large, portly, hefty, thickset, corpulent, fleshly, heavy, paunchy, ponderous, roly-poly, rotund, heavy-set, 
(2) What words describe someone who is very fat?
obese, obesity, gross, 
(3) What words describe someone who is fat and short?
dumpy, tubby, stout, stocky, squat, stubby, 
(4) What words describe someone who is fat and attractive?
plump, chubby, 
(5) What words describe someone who is fat and strong?
brawny, burly, 
(6) What words refer to someone who is fat?
tub, porker, 
(7) What words refer to someone becoming fat?
put on weight, gain weight, fill out, get fat, 
(8) What words refer to making someone fat?
fatten, 
(9) What words describe food that makes someone fat?
fattening, 
(10) What words describe someone who has been made fat?
fattened, 
(11) What words refer to being fatter than another person?
fatter, fattest, 
(12) What words refer to how fat someone is?
weight, bulk, 
(13) What words describe a part of the body that is fat?
pudgy, flabby, full, thick, ample, podgy, 
(14) What words refer to a fat stomach?
paunch, pot belly, beer gut, spare tire, middle-age spread, paunchy, 
Thin person
Use this domain for words describing a person or animal who is thin.
(1) What words describe someone who is thin?
thin, slight, 
(2) What words describe someone who is very thin?
emaciated, skeletal, be skin and bones, underweight, gaunt, 
(3) What words describe someone who is thin and tall?
lanky, spindly, rangy, 
(4) What words describe someone who is thin and attractive?
slim, slender, trim, willowy, keep your figure, dapper, svelte, 
(5) What words describe someone who is thin and not attractive?
skinny, bony, scrawny, scraggy, angular, 
(6) What words describe someone who is thin and strong?
lean, wiry, 
(7) What words refer to someone who is thin?
scarecrow, skeleton, bag of bones, 
(8) What words refer to someone becoming thin?
lose weight, slim, shed (ten) pounds, waste away, get thin, 
(9) What words refer to being thinner than another person?
(10) What words describe a face that is thin?
pinched, drawn, gaunt, hollow cheeks, 
(11) What words refer to a thin stomach?
flat stomach, 
(12) What words refer to trying to become thin?
try to lose weight, watch your weight, watch your figure, diet, be on a diet, go on a diet, slim (v), 
Wide
Use this domain for words related to being wide--a word describing something like a road or river that is far from one side to the other side.
(1) What words describe something that is wide?
wide, broad, widespread, 
(2) What words refer to a place where something is wide?
widening, wide spot, 
(3) What words refer to something becoming wide?
widen, get wider, broaden out, 
(4) What words refer to making something wide?
make something wider, widen, broaden, 
(5) What words refer to the process of becoming wide?
widening, broadening, 
(6) What words describe something that has been made wide?
widened, broadened, 
(7) What words refer to being wider than another thing?
wider, widest, broader, broadest, 
(8) What words refer to how wide something is?
width, breadth, 
(9) What words refer to how wide a circle or hole is?
bore, caliber, diameter, 
(10) What words indicate how wide something is?
how wide, be (ten feet) wide, be (ten feet) across, 
Narrow
Use this domain for words related to being narrow.
(1) What words describe something that is narrow?
narrow, thin, 
(2) What words describe something that is very narrow?
tight squeeze, 
(3) What words refer to a place where something is narrow?
narrows, narrowing, waist, neck, 
(4) What words refer to something becoming narrow?
narrow (v), get narrower, taper, thin (v), 
(5) What words refer to making something narrow?
narrow (v), taper, thin (v), constrict, 
(6) What words refer to the process of becoming narrow?
constriction, restriction, 
(7) What words describe something that has been made narrow?
tapered, thinned, constricted, restricted, 
(8) What words refer to being narrower than another thing?
narrower, narrowest, thinner, thinnest, 
(9) What words indicate how narrow something is?
how narrow, be only (one inch) wide, be (two inches) (too) narrow, 
Big area
Use this domain for words describing a big area.
(1) What words describe a big area?
big, large, extensive, fair-sized, be a fair size, broad, expansive, wide, wide open, 
(2) What words describe a very big area?
huge, immense, vast, enormous, 
(3) What words describe a big room?
spacious, roomy, cavernous, be big inside, 
(4) What words refer to an area that is big?
expanse, 
(5) What words refer to an area becoming big?
expand, spread, 
(6) What words refer to making an area big?
expand, 
(7) What words describe an area that has been made big?
expanded, 
(8) What words refer to being bigger in area than another thing?
bigger, biggest, roomier, 
(9) What words refer to how big an area is?
area, acreage, size, square footage, extent, 
(10) What words indicate how big an area is?
how big, be (ten acres) in size, cover, extend over, 
(11) What words refer to measuring an area?
survey, 
(12) What words refer to a unit of measure of area?
acre, hectare, square (inch, foot, yard, mile, meter, kilometer)
(13) What instruments are used to measure an area?
rod, 
(14) What words describe a small area?
small, narrow (plot of ground), cramped, poky, 
(15) What words refer to how big around an area is?
circumference, around,  
Big container, volume
Use this domain for words referring to the volume of something.
(1) What words describe a big container?
big, large, capacious, voluminous, 
(2) What words describe a very big container?
huge, enormous, 
(3) What words refer to a container that is big?
tank, tub, 
(4) What words refer to a container becoming big?
expand, inflate, 
(5) What words refer to making a container big?
expand, enlarge, 
(6) What words describe a container that has been made big?
(7) What words refer to a container being bigger than another container?
bigger, biggest, 
(8) What words refer to how big a container is?
volume, capacity, size, dimensions, 
(9) What words indicate how big a container is?
how big, be (ten liters) in volume, hold, be (ten) cubic inches, be two meters long two meters wide and two meters high, be two by two by two, 
(10) What words refer to measuring the volume of a something?
measure, find the volume, 
(11) What words refer to a unit of volume?
cubic (inch, foot, yard), milliliter, centiliter, deciliter, liter, decaliter, kiloliter, hectoliter, cup, pint, quart, gallon, fluid ounce, dry ounce, peck, bushel, measure, batch, 
(12) What instruments are used to measure volume?
measuring cup, measuring spoon, 
(13) What words describe a system of measures?
metric, imperial, 
(14) What words refer to an amount of something that has been measured by a particular container?
bag, bagful, barrel, boatload, bottle, bowl, box, boxful, bucketful, busload, can, carload, glass, handful, jug, mug, pack, packet, planeload, platter, roomful, sackful, scoop, scoopful, spoon, spoonful, tablespoon, tankful, teaspoon, teaspoonful, trainload, tray, truckload
(15) What words describe a small container?
small, 
Distance
Use this domain for words referring to the distance between two things.
(1) What words refer to the distance between two things?
distance, how far, span, as the crow flies, 
(2) What words indicate the distance between two places?
from, away, off, apart, away from
(3) What words refer to the distance something can move?
range, reach (n), extent, 
(4) What words indicate that something (like an area or road) continues for some distance?
extend, stretch, go on, continue, spread
(5) What question words ask for the distance between two things?
Far
Use this domain for words indicating that something is far from something else.
(1) What words indicate that something is far from something else?
far, far away, far off, afar, far afield, far and wide, a far cry from, far apart, far removed, distant, be distant, a long distance, in the distance, some distance, a good distance, a ways, way off, a long way (off), a long ways away, a fair way, quite a ways, nowhere near, miles (away), yonder, wide of, clear off, all over, asunder, at arm's length, on the horizon, the ends of the earth, uttermost parts of the earth
(2) What words describe something that is far?
distant, remote, faraway, out of the way, long-distance, far-flung
(3) What words refer to how far something is?
distance, how far
(4) What words indicate that something is far enough so that you cannot do something?
too far, out of sight, out of range, beyond reach, out of reach, out of hearing
(5) What words refer to moving away from someone or something?
go away, recede
(6) What words refer to moving away from a person or vehicle behind you?
leave behind, leave in the dust
(7) What words refer to staying far from something?
not go near, not come near, stay away from, keep away from, keep your distance, keep off, stay back, keep back, remain at a distance, stand off, stand aloof, steer clear of, stand clear of
(8) What words refer to a long distance?
long distance, long haul, long range, a fur piece
(9) What words describe a place that is far away from where most people go?
remote, isolated, out of the way, off the beaten track, secluded, miles from anywhere, in the middle of nowhere, way out, backwater, backcountry, boondocks, boonies, hicks, out in the sticks
(10) What words indicate that something is farther than something else?
farther, further, beyond, past, on the other side of, farthest, furthest, extreme, in the offing, background
Near
Use this domain for words indicating that something is near something else.
(1) What words indicate that something is near something else?
near, nearby, close, close to, close by, not far, practically on top of, a short distance, locally, in the vicinity, nigh, around, a stone's throw, in the neighborhood
(2) What words describe something that is near?
nearby, nearest, the next, neighboring, local, surrounding
(3) What words refer to how near something is?
nearness, closeness, proximity
(4) What words indicate that something is near enough so that you can do something?
near enough, close enough, within walking distance, within reach, within range, convenient, handy, be close at hand, around the corner, close up, up close, at close quarters, at close range, right under your nose
(5) What words refer to moving nearer to someone or something?
approach, get near, get nearer, near (v), draw near, get close, get closer, close in on, get as close as possible
(6) What words refer to moving nearer to a person or vehicle in front of you?
catch up, be gaining on, be closing on
(7) What words refer to staying near something?
stay close, keep close, hug, cling to
(8) What words indicate that something is nearer than something else?
nearer, closer, before, on this side of, nearest, closest
High
Use this domain for words that express the idea that something is high.
(1) What words describe something that is high?
high, lofty, upper, alpine, topmost, 
(2) What words describe something that is very high?
soaring, 
(3) What words indicate that something is high in the air?
be high up, high above, far above, way up there, sky-high, up in the air, be aloft, 
(4) What words refer to becoming high?
rise, soar, 
(5) What words refer to making something high?
heighten, raise, 
(6) What words describe something that has been made high?
heightened, raised, 
(7) What words describe a surface that is higher than the area around it?
raised, elevated, 
(8) What words refer to being higher than another thing?
higher, highest, 
(9) What words refer to how high something is?
height, altitude, level, elevation, 
(10) What words indicate how high something is?
(100 meters) high, be (100 meters) in height, 
(11) What words refer to being afraid of being in a high place?
fear of heights, vertigo, 
Low
Use this domain for words indicating that something is low--in the air but not high above the ground.
(1) What words describe something that is low?
low, 
(2) What words describe something that is very low?
hugging the ground, down low, way down, 
(3) What words indicate that something is low?
be low, down, 
(4) What words refer to becoming low?
fall, 
(5) What words refer to making something low?
lower, 
(6) What words describe something that has been made low?
lowered, 
(7) What words describe a surface that is lower than the area around it?
low-lying, depressed, depression, 
(8) What words refer to being lower than another thing?
lower, lowest, 
Deep, shallow
Use this domain for words related to being deep or shallow--how far something such as a hole extends below the ground or other surface, or how far something is below the surface of the water.
(1) What words describe something that is deep?
deep, deeply, deep-seated, in the depths, deep down, 
(2) What words describe something that is very deep?
bottomless, 
(3) What words describe how deep something is for a person?
knee-deep, waist-deep, over your head, out of your depth, 
(4) What words refer to a deep place?
the depths, channel, trench, gulf, abyss, 
(5) What words refer to something becoming deep?
deepen, get deeper, 
(6) What words refer to making something deep?
deepen, dredge, dig out, 
(7) What words refer to being deeper than another thing?
deeper, deepest, 
(8) What words refer to how deep something is?
depth, 
(9) What words indicate how deep something is?
how deep, be (ten feet) deep, (ten feet) in depth, at a depth of (ten feet), plunge (ten feet), 
(10) What words refer to measuring how deep something is?
take a sounding, plumb, 
(11) What instruments are used to measure how deep something is?
plumb line, 
(12) What words refer to a unit of depth?
fathom, 
(13) What words describe something that is shallow?
shallow, not deep, skin-deep, superficial, surface, 
(14) What words refer to a shallow place?
Fit, size
Use this domain for words referring to something fitting--when something is not too big or too small, but just right.
(1) What words refer to something fitting?
fit, dovetail, go in, go on, 
(2) What words describe something that fits?
be the right size, dovetailed, a good fit, 
(3) What words refer to the size of something?
size, fit (n), 
(4) What words refer to changing the size of something so that it will fit?
fit something to something, resize, 
Tight
Use this domain for words referring to being tight--when something is too small.
(1) What words describe something that is tight?
tight, too small
(2) What words refer to something becoming tight?
get tight
(3) What words refer to making something tight?
tighten
Loose
Use this domain for words referring to being loose--when something is too big.
(1) What words describe something that is loose?
loose, too big
(2) What words refer to something becoming loose?
come loose
(3) What words refer to making something loose?
loosen
Wedged in, stuck
Use this domain for words referring to being wedged in or stuck in a hole.
(1) What words describe something that is stuck?
wedged in, stuck
Measure
Use this domain for words related to measuring something--to find out the size, length, weight, or amount of something.
(1) What words refer to measuring something?
measure, take a measurement, assay, assess, balance, calibrate, determine, fathom, gauge, grade, mete, meter, pace, plumb, quantify, rank, reach, read, take a reading, record, rule, sound, span, step off, stretch, stride, survey, tape, test, time, 
(2) What words refer to the size or amount of something?
capacity, dimension, distance, extent, length, measure, portion, quantity, size, volume, 
(3) What words describe something that can be measured?
measurable, quantifiable, 
(4) What words refer to the number or amount that you get when you measure something?
measurement, reading, 
(5) What general words refer to a unit of measure?
unit, measure, standard, scale, benchmark, 
(6) What words indicate that something is a particular size or amount?
is, measure (v), weigh, how big, of
(7) What instruments are used to measure something?
abacus, almanac, beam, calendar, caliper, chain, chronometer, clock, compass, dial, gauge, instrument, level, line, micrometer, plumb, protractor, quadrant, rod, rule, ruler, sextant, square, straightedge, tape, tapeline, thermometer, watch, yardstick, 
(8) What words refer to an amount that cannot be measured?
immeasurable, measureless, incalculable, unfathomable, unmeasured, untold, 
Weigh
Use this domain for words related to weighing something.
(1) What words refer to weighing something?
weigh, 
(2) What words refer to the weight of something?
weight, mass, 
(3) What words refer to a unit of weight?
ounce, pound, ton, milligram, centigram, decigram, gram, dekagram, kilo, kilogram, metric ton, kiloton, megaton, atomic weight, carat, dram, grain, hundredweight, pennyweight, stone, talent, gross weight, net weight, 
(4) What words indicate that something is a particular weight?
is, weigh, how heavy, weigh in at, 
(5) What instruments are used to weigh something?
scale, balance, weight, 
(6) What words describe a system of weights?
apothecary, avoirdupois, metric, troy, 
(7) What words refer to how much weight something can support without breaking or falling?
support, carry, hold, load, weight, pressure,  
Heavy
Use this domain for words related to being heavy.
(1) What words describe something that is heavy?
heavy, burdensome, cumbersome, cumbrous, heavyweight, hefty, lumpish, massive, overweight, ponderous, unwieldy, weighty, 
(2) What words describe something that is very heavy?
weigh a ton, 
(3) What words refer to something that is heavy?
a weight, 
(4) What words refer to something becoming heavy?
gain weight, put on weight, 
(5) What words refer to making something heavy?
weigh down, weight (v), 
(6) What words describe something that has been made heavy?
weighted, 
(7) What words refer to being heavier than another thing?
heavier, heaviest, 
Light in weight
Use this domain for words related to being light in weight.
(1) What words describe something that is light?
light, light, lightness, airy, buoyant, ethereal, lightweight, porous, spongy, underweight, 
(2) What words describe something that is very light?
light as a feather, weightless, 
(3) What words refer to something becoming light?
lose weight, work something off, work off some of this weight, 
(4) What words refer to making something light?
make something lighter, lighten, 
(5) What words describe something that has been made light?
lightened, 
(6) What words refer to being lighter than another thing?
lighter, lightest, 
(7) What words indicate how light something is?
how light, be (two pounds) (too) light, 
Quality
Use this domain for general words referring to the quality or condition of something.
(1) What general words refer to the quality or condition of something?
quality, condition, state, character, nature, feature
(2) What words indicate that something has more of a quality than another thing?
more, surpass, 
(3) What words indicate that something has less of a quality than another thing?
less, not as, not so
Shape
Use this domain for general words referring to the shape of something, and for general words referring to changing the shape of something.
(1) What general words refer to the shape of something?
shape, form, figure, silhouette, 
(2) What words refer to the outside shape of something?
outline, lines, profile, contour, 
(3) What words refer to having a particular shape?
shaped, in the shape of, in the form of, 
(4) What words refer to an irregular shape?
irregular, jagged, 
(5) What words refer to the wrong shape?
misshapen, deformed, distorted, out of shape, lopsided, lose its shape, 
(6) What words refer to having no clear shape?
shapeless, formless, amorphous, 
(7) What general words refer to changing the shape of something?
shape (v), change the shape of, form, mold, transform
(8) What words describe something like a branch or road that divides into two parts?
forked, bifurcate, bifurcated, fork, branch, a Y in the road, 
Point, dot
Use this domain for words referring to a point--a small mark such as might be made by a pointed object.
(1) What words refer to a point?
point, dot, polka dot, spot, pinpoint, speck, mote, jot, iota, fleck, period
Line
Use this domain for words referring to a line.
(1) What words refer to a line?
line, band, row
(2) What tools are used to draw a line?
ruler, straightedge
(3) What words describe two lines that go in the same direction?
parallel
Straight
Use this domain for words referring to being straight.
(1) What words describe something that is straight?
straight, straight as an arrow, direct, even, lank, linear, rectilinear, true, 
(2) What words refer to making something straight?
straighten, straighten out, 
(3) What words refer to something becoming straight?
Flat
Use this domain for words describing something that is flat--having a surface that is even. A board or wall is flat when its surface is even and it does not bend.
(1) What words describe something that is flat?
flat, flat as a pancake, even, flush, 
(2) What words refer to making something flat?
flatten, even (v), even out, smooth, level, roll something flat, press, squish, squash, smash, mash, spread thin
(3) What words refer to something becoming flat?
flatten, flatten out, level off, 
(4) What words refer to something flat?
plane, sheet
(5) What words describe something that is not flat?
rough, bumpy, uneven, lumpy, hilly, rolling, mountainous, 
Horizontal
Use this domain for words describing a horizontal orientation in relation to the ground or something that is level--a flat surface that does not rise in any direction. A person is horizontal when he is sleeping. A field is level when it is not on a hill and it has no uneven areas in it.
(1) What words describe something in a horizontal position?
horizontal, prone, prostrate, longwise, flat on the ground, on its side, lie, prone, flush, on an even keel, on the level, parallel to the ground
(2) What words refer to becoming horizontal?
fall on your face, fall prone, prostrate oneself, get horizontal, fall flat, hit the dirt, lay flat
(3) What words refer to causing something to be horizontal?
lay something flat, lay something down, align
(4) What words describe a surface that is level?
level (adj), even (adj), flat
(5) What words refer to making something level?
make level, level (v), 
Vertical
Use this domain for words describing a vertical orientation in relation to the ground. A person is vertical when he is standing.
(1) What words describe something in a vertical position?
vertical, upright, up-and-down, plumb, erect, upraised, perpendicular, at right angles, square, standing, true, straight, straight up, bolt upright
(2) What words refer to making something vertical?
raise, stand something up, stand something on end, erect, set up, rear
(3) What words describe a surface that is vertical?
sheer, drop (n)
(4) What words describe when the top of something is on the bottom?
upside down, inverted, upended
(5) What tools are used to determine if something is vertical?
plumb line, level, square
Leaning, sloping
Use this domain for words describing a leaning orientation in relation to the ground, or a surface that is sloping.
(1) What words describe something in a leaning position?
leaning, at an angle, out of plumb, angled, on a slant, aslant, slanted, inclined, oblique, tilted, crooked, list, askew, out of kilter
(2) What words refer to causing something to lean?
lean, angle, tilt, slant, incline
(3) What words refer to leaning something against something else?
lean something against, incline, prop against
(4) What words describe a surface that is sloping?
sloping, slope up/down, on an incline, rising, rise up (toward), ascending, upgrade, uphill, falling, fall away, descending, downgrade, downhill, dip
(5) What words refer to a surface that is sloping?
slope (n), ramp, ascent, rise, bank, incline (n), grade
(6) What words refer to how much something is leaning or sloping?
angle, slope (n), inclination, pitch, grade, gradient, steep, precipitous, gradual (rise)
(7) What words describe a surface that is not level?
uneven, rough, hilly, wavy, lumpy, broken (ground), rugged
Bend
Use this domain for words referring to bending something and for words that describe something that is bent or curved.
(1) What words refer to bending something?
bend, bow, flex, curve, put a kink in, 
(2) What words refer to something bending?
bend, buckle, curl, sag, warp, 
(3) What words describe something that is bent?
bent, arched, bowed, crinkled, curved, curving, curled, devious, gnarled, gnarly, hooked, indirect, jagged, kinked, knotted, knotty, knurled, knurly, turning, twirled, twisted, 
(4) What words describe something that should be straight but is bent?
akimbo, askew, awry, bandy, catawampus, contorted, crooked, deviating, distorted, skewed, tortuous, warped, 
(5) What words refer to a bend in something?
bend, bow, curve, kink, loop, angle, joint, 
(6) What words refer to making many bends in something?
corrugate, 
(7) What words describe something that has many bends?
circuitous, coiled, convoluted, corrugated, curly, curvy, kinky, meandering, pretzel, serpentine, serrated, sinuous, snaky, spiral, tortuous, twisting, undulating, waved, waving, wavy, wind, winding, zigzag, 
(8) What words refer to a line or road that is bent?
bend, curve, twist, 
(9) What words describe something that can be bent?
bendable, flexible, flexibility, jointed, pliable, plastic, supple, 
(10) What words describe something that cannot be bent?
unbending, inflexible, inflexibility, rigid, rigidity, 
Roll up
Use this domain for words referring to rolling something up.
(1) What words refer to rolling something up?
roll up, scroll, curl
(2) What words refer to something that has been rolled up?
roll, scroll, curl, spiral
(3) What words refer to unrolling something?
unroll, unfurl, 
Twist, wring
Use this domain for words referring to twisting something--to take something long and turn one end one way and the other end the other way.
(1) What words refer to twisting something?
twist, wind, twine, coil, wring, wring out, torque
(2) What words describe something that has been twisted?
twisted, winding, entwined, coiled, wrung out
Fold
Use this domain for words referring to folding something.
(1) What words refer to folding something?
fold, fold up, crease, turn down, double over, crimp, dog-ear, 
(2) What words refer to something folding?
fold, fold up, crease, get creased, 
(3) What words describe something that is folded?
folded, creased, dog-eared, 
(4) What words refer to a fold in something?
fold, crease, angle, plait, wrinkle, flap, lapel, dog-ear, tuck, gather, pleat, 
(5) What words refer to making many folds in something?
crumple, gather, pleat, rumple, tuck, wrinkle, 
(6) What words describe something that has many folds?
crumpled up, pleated, wrinkled, 
(7) What words describe something that can be folded?
folding, jointed, 
Round
Use this domain for words referring to being round.
(1) What words describe something that is round?
round, circular, spherical, globular, ball shaped, ring
(2) What words refer to something that is round?
circle, loop, ball, globe, sphere, arch, 
(3) What words refer to making something round?
round (off), roll into a ball, make a ball of, loop
(4) What tools are used to draw a circle?
compass
(5) What words refer to something that is long and round?
cylinder, cylindrical, rod, pipe, tube
Concave
Use this domain for words describing something that is concave--extending inward in shape away from the viewer. The inside of a bowl is concave in shape.
(1) What words describe something that is concave?
concave, hollow, hollowed out, caved in, dented, indented, vaulted, 
(2) What words refer to making something concave?
hollow out, carve out, dent in, indent, push in the side
(3) What words refer to a concave part of something?
nook
Convex
Use this domain for words describing something that is convex--extending outward in shape toward the viewer.
(1) What words describe something that is convex?
convex, bulging, bulbous, billowing out
(2) What words refer to making something convex?
bulge, puff out, balloon out, protrude
Hollow
Use this domain for words describing something that is hollow--empty on the inside.
(1) What words describe something that is hollow?
hollow, cavernous, inflated
hollow out
(3) What words refer to something that is not hollow?
solid
Square
Use this domain for words referring to being square.
(1) What words describe something that is square?
square
(2) What words refer to something that is square?
square, rectangle, cube, block
Pattern, design
Use this domain for words that refer to a pattern--a regular arrangement of shapes.
(1) What words refer to a pattern?
pattern, design, motif, patterning, markings, 
Symmetrical
Use this domain for words that describe something that is symmetrical--having the same shape on both sides
(1) What words describe something that is symmetrical?
symmetrical, regular, even, balanced, even sided
(2) What words describe something that is not symmetrical?
asymmetrical, irregular, uneven, unbalanced, lopsided
Stretch
Use this domain for words referring to stretching something.
(1) What words refer to stretching something?
stretch, draw out, enlarge, extend
(2) What words describe something that can be stretched?
elastic
(3) What words describe something that cannot be stretched?
inelastic
Texture
Use this domain for general words referring to the texture of something--how the surface of something feels when you touch it.
(1) What words refer to how something feels?
texture, surface, (to have a) feel, (it) feels (rough), quality, grain, prickly
(2) What words refer to giving something a certain texture?
texture (v)
Smooth
Use this domain for words referring to being smooth.
(1) What words describe something that is smooth?
smooth, silky, satin smooth, even, velvety, fine
(2) What words refer to making something smooth?
to smooth, even out, polish, buff, shine
Rough
Use this domain for words referring to being rough.
(1) What words describe something that is rough?
rough, uneven, rutted, grooved, scraped up, scratched, corrugated
(2) What words refer to making something rough?
to roughen, scrape, scratch
(3) What words refer to a rough or uneven part of something?
rut, groove, furrow, groove, wrinkle
Sharp
Use this domain for words describing something that is sharp.
(1) What words describe something that is sharp?
sharp, razor sharp, keen edged
(2) What words refer to making something sharp?
sharpen, give an edge to
Pointed
Use this domain for words describing something that is pointed.
(1) What words describe something that is pointed?
pointed
(2) What words refer to a point?
point
(3) What words refer to making something pointed?
to point, give a point to, sharpen to a point
Blunt
Use this domain for words describing something that is blunt.
(1) What words describe something that is blunt?
blunt, dull
Furrow
Use this domain for words related to a furrow--a long mark cut into the surface of something, such as the furrow made by a plow, or a long cut made by a knife.
(1) What words refer to a furrow?
furrow, groove, rut, scratch, crack, score, incision, slit, chamfer, channel, gutter, trench, ditch, moat, trough, seam, line, fold, wrinkle
(2) What words refer to making a furrow?
furrow, plow, incise, score, cut, seam, cut a channel, engrave, etch, bite in
(3) What words describe something with many furrows?
furrowed, ribbed, striated, fluted, corduroy, corrugated, rippled, washboard, wrinkled
Light
Use this domain for words related to light.
(1) What words refer to light?
light, sunshine, gleam (n), glare (n), glow (n), radiance, 
(2) What words refer to making light shine in a place?
light (v), light up, illuminate, 
(3) What words describe something that has light shining on it?
be light, illuminated, sunlit, moonlit, starlit, lighted, luminous, 
(4) What words refer to a ray of light?
ray, beam, shaft, sunbeam, moonbeam, 
(5) What words refer to different kinds of light?
daylight, sunlight, moonlight, starlight, firelight, candlelight, electric light, electromagnetic radiation, fluorescence, fluorescent light, incandescent light, infrared, lamplight, luminescence, luminescent, phosphorescence, phosphorescent, photoelectric, ultraviolet, 
(6) What words are used to describe light?
candlepower, frequency, lumen, radiant, radiation, refract, short-wave, spectrum, 
Shine
Use this domain for words related to a light source shining--for something to make light.
(1) What words refer to a light source shining?
shine, glow, gleam, blaze, shed light, radiate, 
(2) What words refer to something shining for a very short time and then becoming dark again?
flash, flare, spark, scintillate, 
(3) What words refer to something shining with small points of light?
twinkle, glitter, shimmer, flicker, glimmer, 
(4) What words refer to something shining brighter and dimmer again and again?
flicker, blink, 
(5) What words describe something that shines dimly in the dark?
luminous, fluorescent, glow in the dark, glimmer, 
Light source
Use this domain for words related to a source of light--something that makes or gives light.
(1) What words refer to something that makes light?
light, lamp, candle, arc light, beacon, chandelier, electric light, fire, fixture, flare, flashlight, flash (camera), floodlight, fluorescent light, globe, headlight, incandescent light, lamp-post, lantern, lighthouse, lighting, light source, luminary, night-light, paraffin lamp, searchlight, spotlight, street light, strobe, sunlamp, taillight, taper, torch, 
(2) What words describe something that produces light?
light producing, shining, 
(3) What are the parts of a lamp?
lampstand, stand, wick, chimney, bulb, light bulb, lamp shade, switch, filament, socket, 
candlestick, wick, wax, candelabra, holder, 
(5) What words refer to the lights being on in a place?
the lights are on, be lit up, ablaze, 
(6) What words refer to a light starting to work?
come on, 
(7) What words refer to making a light start working?
turn on, light (a candle), switch on, 
(8) What words refer to a light stopping?
go out, go down, dim, 
(9) What words refer to making a light stop working?
turn out, put out, turn down, switch off, 
(10) What words refer to not turning off the lights?
leave the lights on, 
Bright
Use this domain for words describing something that is bright.
(1) What words describe a light that is bright?
bright, strong, good, harsh, 
(2) What words describe a light that is very bright?
blazing, brilliant, 
(3) What words describe a light that is so bright it hurts your eyes?
blinding, dazzling, glare, 
(4) What words describe a place where there is lots of light?
bright, light, well lit, ablaze with light, 
(5) What words refer to the light becoming brighter?
get light, brighten, lighten, the light grows, 
Dark
Use this domain for words describing something that is dark--a place where there is little or no light.
(1) What words describe a place where there is no light?
dark, dismal, shadowed, shaded, pitch-dark, 
(2) What words describe a place where there is little light?
pale, dim, weak, poor, bad, soft, low, dull, dusky, 
(3) What words describe a place where there is very little light?
unlit, dimly-lit, darkened, the half-light, 
(4) What words describe a place that is dark and makes you feel bad or afraid?
gloomy, dingy, the shadows, 
(5) What words refer to a place becoming dark?
get dark, darken, the light fades, dim (v), fall, go dark, be plunged into darkness, 
(6) What words refer to darkness?
darkness, the dark, gloom, 
Shadow
Use this domain for words related to a shadow--the area on the ground where the light does not shine because something is in the way. For instance if the sun
(or another light) is shining on an object, the area behind the object is in shadow (dark).
(1) What words refer to a shadow?
shadow
(2) What words refer to something blocking the light from shining on something?
shade, cast a shadow, block the light, eclipse, overshadowing, 
(3) What words describe something in the shadow of something else?
in the shade, shaded, shady, shadowy, 
Color
Use this domain for words related to color.
(1) What words refer to color?
color, shade, tint, hue, coloring, pigment, tincture, cast, palette, coloration, complexion, chroma, chromatic, tone, 
(2) What words indicate that something is a particular color?
be red/green, be a red/reddish color, colored, tinted, 
(3) What words describe something that is a dark color?
dark, deep, rich, 
(4) What words describe something that is a light color?
light (adj), pale, pastel, faint, livid, lurid, pallid, pallor, pale-faced, neutral tint, 
(5) What words describe something that is a bright color?
bright, brightly colored, brilliant, pure, gaudy, garish, vivid, flashy, fresh, intense, strong, hot, 
(6) What words describe something that is a dull color?
dull, faded, washed out, drab, dingy, flushed, clouded, grayish, somber, 
(7) What words describe something, such as a photograph, that has been made with color?
color (photograph), in color, 
(8) What words describe something that has no color or is black and white?
colorless, black and white, uncolored, monochrome, achromatic, ghostly, glassy, lackluster, undyed, 
(9) What words refer to the intensity of a color?
value, intensity, saturation, 
(10) What words refer to pure or mixed colors?
pure, mixed, tinge, primary color, secondary color, tertiary color, 
(11) What words describe colors that look good together?
go together, go with, suit you, color scheme, complimentary, 
(12) What words describe colors that do not look good together?
clash, 
(13) What words describe someone who cannot see color?
color-blind
(14) What words refer to a color or pattern of colors used by a group of people to identify themselves?
livery, tartan, team colors, 
White
Use this domain for words describing something that is white.
(1) What words describe something that is white in color?
white, alabaster, albino, bleached, chalky, cream, cream-colored, creamy, eggshell, fair, ivory, lily-white, milk-white, milky, off-white, oyster white, pearl, pearly, snowy, snow-white, 
Black
Use this domain for words describing something that is black.
(1) What words describe something that is black in color?
black, pitch black, jet-black, inky black, ebony black, black as coal, coal-black, black as pitch, black as night, night-black, henna, negro, raven, 
Gray
Use this domain for words describing something that is gray.
(1) What words describe something that is gray in color?
gray, ashen, charcoal gray, grizzle, grizzled, grizzly, hoar, hoary, leaden, mouse-colored, mousy, muddy, slate-gray, smoky, sooty, steel-gray, 
Colors of the spectrum
Use this domain for words describing something that is colored.
(1) What words refer to all the colors arranged in the spectrum of the rainbow?
spectrum, rainbow, prism, spectral, 
(2) What words describe a kind of color?
primary color, secondary color, earth color, warm color, cool color, infrared, 
(3) What are the shades of red?
red, beet-red, blood-red, blush, brick-red, cardinal, carmine, carnelian, cherry, Chinese red, claret, coral, crimson, fiery, fire-red, flame-colored, incarnadine, lobster, lobster-colored, madder, pink, puce, roan, rose, rose-colored, roseate, rosy, rouge, ruby-red, ruddy, scarlet, vermilion, wine, 
(4) What are the shades of orange?
orange, apricot, cadmium, carrottop, carroty, ocher, peach, salmon, tangerine, 
(5) What are the shades of yellow?
yellow, amber, banana, blond, blonde, canary, chartreuse, chrome yellow, citron, cream, flaxen, gold, golden, goldilocks, jaundice, lemon, saffron, sallow, straw-colored, sulfur, tawny, terra cotta, yellow ocher, xanthous, 
(6) What are the shades of green?
green, greenish, apple-green, bottle-green, chlorine, emerald, grass, grass-green, khaki, leaf-green, leek-green, lime-green, olive, pea, pea-green, peacock, sap green, sea-green, topaz, verdant, viridian, 
(7) What are the shades of blue?
blue, azure, baby-blue, beryl-blue, carbuncle, cerulean, cobalt, cyan, cyanic, indigo, lapis lazuli, navy blue, Prussian blue, royal blue, sapphire, sky blue, teal, turquoise, ultramarine, 
(8) What are the shades of purple?
purple, violet, amethyst, crocus, hyacinth, lavender, lilac, liver-colored, magenta, maroon, mauve, mulberry, plum, plum-colored, royal purple, 
(9) What are the shades of brown?
brown, tan, beige, flesh colored, auburn, brunette, buff, chestnut, chocolate, cinnamon, cocoa, coffee, dun, fawn, foxy, hazel, khaki, mahogany, ocher, russet, rust, sepia, sienna, sorrel, umber, walnut, 
(10) What words describe something that looks like metal?
metallic, copper, brass, bronze, bronzed, gilded, gilt, gold, golden, platinum, silver, silvery, steely, 
Animal color, marking
Use this domain for words related to animal colors and markings.
(1) What words are used to describe the coloring of an animal?
russet, bay, palomino, sable, tortoise-shell, 
(2) What words are used to describe the markings on an animal?
spotted, striped, camouflaged, flecked, speckled, piebald, dappled, star, blaze, brindled, calico, tabby, pinto, 
Change color
Use this domain for words related to changing the color of something.
(1) What words refer to changing the color of something?
color (v), color something in, blacken, bleach, denigrate, dye, discolor, emblazon, imbue, ingrain, paint (v), redden, shade (v), stain, tinge, tint, add color, mix colors, tone down, whiten, 
(2) What words are used of something changing color?
change color, lose its color, blush, turn pale, pale, blanch, 
(3) What words refer to dye being washed out of cloth?
wash out, run, 
(4) What words refer to the sun changing the color of something?
fade, bleach, 
(5) What words describe something whose color has changed?
colored, discolored, bleached, dyed, faded, mantled, painted, shaded, stained, tinged, tinted, 
(6) What words refer to things used to change the color of something?
paint (n), dye (n), bleach (n), food coloring, stain (n), 
(7) What words describe a color that does not change?
fast, 
Multicolored
Use this domain for words describing something that is multicolored--having many different colors.
(1) What words describe something that has many different colors?
colorful, multicolored, gaudy, garish, harlequin, multihued, many-colored, many-hued, brightly colored, variegated, polychrome, polychromatic, kaleidoscope, kaleidoscopic, play of colors, motley, pepper-and-salt, grizzled, mosaic, 
(2) What words describe something that is colored with lines?
lined, striped, streaked, checkered, plaid, tartan, checked, marbled, banded, barred, cross-striped, damask, 
(3) What words describe something that is colored with spots?
spotted, speckled, dotted, blotchy, dappled, mealy, mottled, pied, spotty, 
(4) What words describe something that is colored like a rainbow?
rainbow-hued, iridescence, iridescent, prismatic, opalescence, opalescent, pearly, 
Shiny
Use this domain for words that describe something that is shiny--when something gives back light because light is shining on it.
(1) What words describe something that is shiny?
shiny, glossy, polished, glassy, gleaming, sleek, silky, shining, 
(2) What words describe something that is shiny like metal?
silvery, metallic, 
(3) What words describe something that is shiny like water?
shimmering, glistening, 
(4) What words refer to something being shiny when light shines on it?
shine (in the light), gleam, glint, glisten, glister, glitter, glow, shimmer, sparkle, 
(5) What words refer to the shiny appearance of something?
shine, sheen, gloss, luster, 
(6) What words describe something that is not shiny?
dull, matt, 
Hot
Use this domain for words describing something that is hot.
(1) What words describe something that is hot?
hot, heat, red hot, boiling, burning hot, molten, ardent, baking, blazing, brisk, broiling, burning, calorific, fervent, fervid, fevered, fiery, glowing, heat, hot, igneous, incandescent, reeking, scorching, sizzling, smoking, torrid, white-hot, 
(2) What words describe food that is hot?
hot, piping hot, scalding, 
(3) What words describe something that is warm?
be warm, lukewarm, tepid, 
(4) What words describe a time or place that is hot?
hot, boiling, be a scorcher, sultry, sunny, sweltering, sweltry, tropical, heat wave, 
(5) What words describe a time or place that is warm?
warm, the warmth, balmy, mild, temperate, 
(6) What words describe a time or place that is so hot that you are uncomfortable?
stifling, muggy, humid, oppressive, 
(7) What words refer to feeling hot?
hot, warm, boiling, 
(8) What words refer to feeling hot because you are sick?
have a temperature, feverish, 
(9) What words refer to how hot something is?
temperature, heat, degree, Celsius, Centigrade, Fahrenheit, level of heat, warmth, 
(10) What things do people use to measure how hot something is?
thermometer, 
(11) What words refer to something becoming hot?
warm up, get hot, thaw, melt, temperature is rising, 
(12) What words refer to making something hot?
heat something, warm something, thaw something, melt something, take the chill off, heat up, reheat, warm up, 
(13) What happens to things and people when they get hot?
boil, melt, burn, warp, sweat, 
(14) What words describe clothes that make you feel warm?
warm, thermal, 
(15) What things do people use to stay warm when it is cold?
fire, heater, furnace, central heating, radiator, hot-water bottle, electric blanket, 
(16) What words describe something that is neither hot nor cold?
room temperature, ambient temperature, 
Cold
Use this domain for words describing something that is cold.
(1) What words describe something that is cold?
cold, frozen, icy, glacial, hibernal, hiemal, hyperborean, marmoreal, unthawed, 
(2) What words describe food that is cold?
cold, cool, chilled, ice-cold, stone-cold, 
(3) What words describe something that is cool?
cool, crisp, refresh, unfrozen, 
(4) What words describe a time or place that is cold?
cold, the cold, frosty, wintry, cold spell, cold snap, frigid, bleak, 
(5) What words describe a time or place that is cool?
cool, chilly, drafty, nippy, fresh, crisp, bracing, chill, 
(6) What words describe a time or place that is very cold?
freezing, bitterly cold, arctic, subzero temperatures, 
(7) What words describe a wind that is cold?
freezing, bitter, biting, cutting, raw, 
(8) What words refer to feeling cold?
be cold, feel cold, look cold, freezing, frozen, feel the cold, 
(9) What words refer to feeling cold because you are sick?
get the chills, ague, 
(10) What words refer to how cold something is?
temperature, coldness, coolness, 
(11) What words refer to something becoming cold?
get cold, turn cold, drop, fall, cool down, cool, cool off, freeze, lose heat
(12) What words refer to making something cold?
cool something, chill, refrigerate, freeze something, 
(13) What happens to things when they get cold?
freeze, harden, brittle, frost-bound, 
(14) What happens to people when they get cold?
shiver, be blue with cold, goose pimples, goosebumps, gooseflesh, someone's teeth are chattering, frostbite, frostbitten, freeze to death, die of cold, 
(15) What words describe clothes that make you feel cool?
cool, 
(16) What things do people use to stay cool when it is hot?
fan, cooler, air-conditioning, air-conditioner, air-conditioned, refrigeration, 
Type, kind
Use this domain for words related to something being a type of thing, or that something belongs to a class of things.
(1) What words indicate that something belongs to a class of things?
be, be a kind of, be a type of, be a member of, include
(2) What words refer to the class to which something belongs?
type, kind, class, group, variety, 
(3) What words refer to a member of a class?
kind (of), type (of), member (of), example (of), sort (of), such
(4) What words refer to assigning something to a class?
classify (with, as), classification, class, assign to a class, categorize, grade, group, sort, 
Nature, character
Use this domain for words related to the nature of character of something.
(1) What words refer to the nature or character of something?
nature, character, such
Compare
Use this domain for words related to comparing something or someone with another thing.
(1) What words refer to comparing one thing with another?
compare, comparison, contrast, than, comparable
Same
Use this domain for words describing something that is the same thing as you just mentioned, or describing two things that are exactly the same.
(1) What words refer to the same person or thing, not a different one?
the same, the very same, the self-same, one and the same, common, 
(2) What words describe two things that are the same?
same, identical, indistinguishable, can't tell the difference, can't tell them apart, be no different from, match, be a carbon copy, word for word, be synonymous with, be no better than, be nothing more than, 
(3) What words indicate that two numbers or amounts are the same?
the same, equal, equivalent, even, level, 
(4) What words describe someone or something that is the same as before?
be the same, unchanged, hasn't changed a bit, hasn't changed at all, unaffected, 
(5) What words describe someone or something that never changes?
the same, consistent, unchanging, constant, 
(6) What words describe something that is the same in all its parts?
uniform, homogeneous, 
(7) What words refer to making all the things in a group the same?
standardize, bring something into line, 
(8) What words indicate that two things that people said are the same?
correspond, be consistent with, agree, tally, coincide, match up, 
(9) What words indicate that something in one group is the same in some way as something in another group?
corresponding, equivalent, counterpart, opposite number, 
(10) What words refer to thinking the same as someone else?
like-minded, be on the same wavelength, be in tune with, be in harmony, 
(11) What words indicate that a part of one thing is the same as part of something else?
overlap, 
(12) What words indicate that two things are the same in some way?
equally, of equal, equal in, just as, as...as, every bit as, even, evenly, 
(13) What words refer to saying that two things are the same in some way?
equate, 
Like, similar
Use this domain for words describing two things or people that are similar, but not the same.
(1) What words describe two things that are similar?
like, similar, alike, much the same, comparable, parallel, 
(2) What words refer to something being like another thing?
resemble, bear a resemblance to, akin to, have an affinity with, the same sort of, 
(3) What words describe two things that are very similar?
be two of a kind, have a lot in common, tantamount, 
(4) What words describe two things that are a little similar?
kind of like, vaguely resemble
(5) What words indicate that something happens or is done in a similar way?
similarly, like, such as, as, 
(6) What words refer to something being like another thing in some way?
have something in common, share something, correspond, 
(7) What words refer to something looking like another thing?
look like, resemble, the image of, 
(8) What words refer to something looking very much like another thing?
be just like, look just like, be the image of, be the spitting image of, be the living image of, could pass for, could be mistaken for, be a dead ringer for, be the picture of, 
(9) What words refer to someone who looks like another person?
look-alike, double, 
(10) What words refer to being like your mother or father?
be like, take after, be a chip off the old block, 
(11) What words indicate that someone or something makes you think of another person or thing because they are similar?
remind someone of, be reminiscent of, echo, 
(12) What words refer to the quality of being similar?
similarity, likeness, resemblance, 
(13) What words refer to the way in which two things are similar?
similarity, parallel,  
Different
Use this domain for words describing two things that are different--not the same.
(1) What words describe two things that are different?
differ, different, else, vary, dissimilar, unlike, 
(2) What words indicate that two numbers or amounts are different?
different, unequal, 
(3) What words refer to the way in which two things are different?
difference, variation, dissimilarity, 
(4) What words refer to discovering the difference between two things?
tell the difference, see the difference, distinguish, differentiate, 
Other
Use this domain for words related to other, as in 'the other person', 'another thing'--a thing that is not the same as something that has been mentioned.
(1) What words refer to another thing?
other, another, different, else, other than, 
Various
Use this domain for words describing a group of things that are all different from each other.
(1) What words describe a group of things that are different?
various, 
Opposite
Use this domain for words describing two things that are opposite.
(1) What words describe two things that are opposite?
opposite, 
Common
Use this domain for words describing something that is common.
(1) What words describe something that is common?
common, widespread
Usual
Use this domain for words describing something that is usual.
(1) What words describe something that is usual?
usual, normal, natural, typical, ordinary
Unusual
Use this domain for words describing something that is unusual.
(1) What words describe something that is unusual?
unusual, rare, infrequent, out of the ordinary, abnormal, unnatural, atypical, singular
Unique
Use this domain for words describing something that is unique--not like anything else.
(1) What words describe something that is not like anything else?
unique, distinctive
Strange
Use this domain for words describing something that is strange.
(1) What words describe something that is strange?
strange, odd, funny, peculiar, weird
(2) What words describe a person who is not like most other people?
unusual, abnormal, exceptional, aberrant, peculiar, unnatural, eccentric, uncommon, rare, unique, odd, strange, queer, quaint, original, unconventional, weird
(3) What words refer to not being like most other people?
unconformity, nonconformity
Pattern, model
Use this domain for words related to a pattern or model.
pattern, model, prototype, original
(2) What words refer to the best pattern or example of something?
archetype, epitome, hero, ideal, paragon
(3) What words refer to something made from a pattern?
image
(4) What words refer to the size of a model in comparison to the size of the real thing?
scale, full-scale, life-size, 
Imitate
Use this domain for words related to imitating someone--to do things in the same way as another person.
(1) What words refer to imitating someone?
imitate, pattern after, mimic, imitate, copy
(2) What words refer to doing the same thing?
likewise, 
Copy
Use this domain for words related to copying something.
(1) What words refer to copying something?
copy (v), make a copy of, duplicate, photocopy, reduplicate, reproduce, clone, replicate, triplicate, 
(2) What words refer to a copy of something?
copy (n), duplicate, photocopy, duplication, clone, replica, reproduction, 
Made of, material
Use this domain for words that mark the material out of which something has been made.
(1) What words refer to something being made of some material?
be made of, consist of, be made up of, be composed of, made out of, made with, made from, 
(2) What words refer to something having some material in it?
have something in it, contain, 
(3) What words refer to the material something is made of?
material, composition, stuff, substance, 
(4) What words indicate the material that something is made of?
out of, with, from, of, 
Strong, brittle
Use this domain for words that describe something that is strong--not easily broken.
(1) What words describe something that is not easily broken?
strong, strength, tough, substantial
(2) What words describe something that is easily broken?
brittle, weak, weakness, breakable
Hard, firm
Use this domain for words that describe something that is hard--not easily cut, or broken.
(1) What words describe something that is hard?
hard, adamant, firm, indurate, petrified, concrete, tough
(2) What words refer to something becoming hard?
harden, set, stiffen up
(3) What words refer to making something hard?
harden, firm up, petrify, stiffen, toughen
Stiff, flexible
Use this domain for words that describe something that is stiff--not easy to bend.
(1) What words describe something that is not easy to bend?
stiff, strong, inflexible, unbendable, unbending, rigid, brittle, crisp, crispy, 
(2) What words describe something that is easy to bend?
flexible, flexibility, flimsy, pliable, bendable, weak, 
(3) What words refer to something becoming more stiff?
stiffen, rigidify
Dense
Use this domain for words describing something that is dense.
(1) What words describe something that is dense?
dense, thick, compact, consolidated, thickset
(2) What words refer to making something more dense?
compress, consolidate, consolidation
(3) What words describe something that is not dense?
thin, porous, spongy, hollow, tenuous, rare
(4) What words refer to making something less dense?
thin, rarefy
Soft, flimsy
Use this domain for words describing something that is soft or flimsy.
(1) What words describe something that is soft?
soft, flimsy, easily broken, tender
(2) What words refer to making something soft?
soften
Good
Use this domain for words describing something that is good.
(1) What words describe a person who is good?
good, fine, excellent, moral, nice, worthy
(2) What words describe something that is good?
good, nice
(3) What words describe an action that is good?
well done
Bad
Use this domain for words describing something bad.
(1) What words describe something that is bad in quality?
bad, no good, lousy, unpleasant, cheap, severe, terrible, abject, mean, low, base, infamous, ignoble, irregular, 
Better
Use this domain for words describing something that is better than something else.
(1) What words describe something that is better than something else?
better, best, surpass, superior
Worse
Use this domain for words describing something that is worse than something else.
(1) What words describe something that is worse than something else?
worse, lesser, inferior
(2) What words refer to something getting worse in condition?
degenerate, deteriorate
Perfect
Use this domain for words describing something that is perfect.
(1) What words describe something that is perfect?
perfect, flawless
(2) What words describe something that is not perfect?
imperfect, flawed
Mediocre
Use this domain for words describing something that is mediocre.
(1) What words describe something that is neither good nor bad?
mediocre, average, undistinguished
Important
Use this domain for words describing something that is important.
(1) What words describe something that is important?
important, main (thing), grand, great, urgent, worthy
Basic
Use this domain for words describing something that is basic.
(1) What words describe something that is basic?
basic, fundamental, essential, central
Improve
Use this domain for words related to improving something--to make something better.
(1) What words refer to improving something?
improve, improvement, ameliorate, correct, develop, reform, remedy, renovate, renovation, upgrade, 
(2) What words describe something that has been improved?
improved, corrected, 
Right, proper
Use this domain for words describing something, such as a tool or way of doing something, that is proper for a particular time, place, purpose, or job. The words in this domain involve a comparison between two things, an item and a setting. An evaluation is made as to how good the item is in the setting. The words may be used only of certain types of items, certain types of settings, or certain types of usefulness.
(1) What words describe something that is proper?
right, proper, applicable, apposite, apropos, becoming, befitting, correspond, correspondent, corresponding, decent, due, expected, felicitous, germane, meet, opportune, pertinent, pleasing, principled, properly, right-minded, rightful, smart, suitable, suited, timely, well, well-timed, 
(2) What words describe something that is right for a particular job?
right, proper, accepted, approved, appropriate, correct, 
(3) What words refer to something being right for a particular job?
suit, lends itself to, be suited to, be cut out for, be made for, fit the bill, fit in, be right for, be the right person for, make a good/ideal, 
(4) What words refer to something someone does that is right for a particular situation?
right, proper, acceptable, appropriate, apt, correct, fitting, suitable, be the done thing, be the way it's done, in keeping with, 
(5) What words refer to doing something in the right way?
right, properly, correctly, by the book, 
(6) What words refer to the quality of being proper?
suitability, suitableness, fit (n),  
Wrong, unsuitable
Use this domain for words describing something, such as a tool or way of doing something, that is unsuitable for a particular time, place, purpose, or job.
(1) What words describe something that is unsuitable?
improper, ill-suited, ill-timed, inadmissible, inapt, incongruous, incorrect, indecent, indelicate, malapropos, presumptuous, unacceptable, unapt, unbecoming, unbefitting, undue, unfit, unfitting, unsuited to, untimely, untoward, 
(2) What words refer to something being unsuitable for a particular purpose or situation?
wrong, unsuitable, not suitable, unsuited to, not suited to, inappropriate, not appropriate, hardly the time/place/person, 
(3) What words refer to someone being unsuitable for a job?
unsuitable, not suitable, not be cut out for, wrong, ill-suited to, not suited to, 
(4) What words refer to something being unsuitable because it isn't good enough?
unfit, not fit, 
(5) What words refer to something being unsuitable for a particular place?
be out of place, be out of keeping, not be in keeping, incongruous, 
(6) What words refer to someone being unsuitable for a particular place?
be out of place, misfit,  
Convenient
Use this domain for words describing something that is convenient--a good time to do something.
(1) What words describe something that is convenient?
convenient, handy, suit, fit in with, be good for, a good time, no trouble, no problem
(2) What words describe something that is not convenient?
inconvenient, not convenient, be bad for, a bad time
Compatible
Use this domain for words related to being compatible--words that describe two things or people that can be together or work together without problems or conflict.
(1) What words describe things that are compatible?
compatible, congruent, congruous, consistent, consonant, suitable, proper, fitting, presentable
(2) What words refer to things being compatible?
accord, agree, clash, cohere, complement, comport, dovetail, go together, go with, harmonize, jibe, rhyme, square
(3) What words describe people that are compatible?
compatible, 
(4) What words refer to people being compatible?
work well together, be well-suited, be well-matched, be made for each other, be a perfect match, be a perfect pair, be ideally suited, be right for, 
(5) What words refer to the quality of being compatible?
compatibility, harmony, 
(6) What words describe things or people that are incompatible?
incompatible, ill-matched, 
(7) What words refer to people being incompatible?
not be suited, be wrong for, not be right for, not be someone's type, 
(8) What words refer to the quality of being incompatible?
incompatibility, 
Decay
Use this domain for words related to something decaying--when a living thing dies and becomes bad, or when a part of a living thing becomes bad.
(1) What words refer to something decaying?
decay, rot, decompose, perish, fester, mildew, molder, putrefy, 
(2) What words describe something that is decaying?
rotten, decayed, moldy, mildewed, putrid, rotted, carious, 
(3) What words refer to food decaying?
go bad, go off, go stale, go sour, spoil, taint, 
(4) What words describe food that is decaying?
rotten, bad, stale, moldy, sour, rancid, off, tainted, 
(5) What words refer to making something decay?
rot, 
(6) What words refer to the process of decay?
decay (n), corruption, decomposition, putrefaction, 
(7) What words refer to a place on something where it is decaying?
decay (n), rot (n), canker, caries, carrion, dry rot, 
(8) What words refer to something being eaten by insects?
eaten by insects, infested with termites, moth-eaten
Rust
Use this domain for words related to metal rusting--when metal becomes bad.
(1) What words refer to metal rusting?
rust, corrode, oxidize, tarnish, rust away, 
(2) What words describe metal that has rusted?
rusty, corroded, tarnished, rusted, eaten away, eaten through, 
(3) What words refer to making metal rust?
corrode, eat away, eat through, 
(4) What words refer to the process of rusting?
corrosion, oxidation, 
(5) What words refer to rust?
rust, tarnish, 
(6) What words describe something that makes metal rust?
corrosive, 
Blemish
Use this domain for words related to a blemish--something small and bad on the skin of a person or the surface of something, but not something serious, especially something wrong that does not affect how something works.
(1) What words refer to a blemish in something?
blemish,  blot, dapple, excrescence, freckle, mole, pimple, speck, speckle, small fault,
(2) What words describe something that has a blemish on it?
blemished, defaced, marred, 
Garbage
Use this domain for words related to garbage--something that is no longer wanted.
(1) What words refer to garbage?
garbage, rubbish, trash, litter, refuse, junk, waste, wastepaper, scrap, 
(2) What do people do to garbage?
take out, throw away, discard, burn, chuck, dispose of, disposal, haul away, bury, dump, litter, pile up, collect
(3) What words refer to a container where people put garbage?
garbage can, trashcan, waste-basket, wastepaper basket, bin, dustbin, wastebin, garbage bag, 
(4) What words refer to a place where people put garbage?
garbage pit, rubbish heap, garbage dump, rubbish tip, compost pile, incinerator, 
(5) What words refer to a person who removes garbage?
garbage man, dustman
(6) What words refer to a vehicle used to remove garbage?
garbage truck, dustcart, 
(7) What words refer to a person who leaves garbage in a public place?
litterbug, 
(8) What words describe something made to be used once and then thrown away?
disposable, 
(9) What words refer to bad things that people allow to go into water or air?
pollution, pollute, pollutant, smog, acid rain
Preserve
Use this domain for words related to preserving the condition of something from decay.
(1) What words refer to preserving something from decay?
preserve, put up, treat, conserve, maintain, keep up, sustain, take care of, 
(2) What words refer to a method of preserving something?
bottle, can, cure, dry, embalm, freeze, mummify, pickle, refrigerate, salt, smoke, tan, 
(3) What words describe something that has been preserved?
preserved, well-preserved, unspoiled, 
(4) What words refer to something continuing to be in a good condition?
stay fresh, keep well, retain its flavor/appearance, 
(5) What words refer to something used to preserve something?
preservative, salt, formaldehyde, embalming fluid, canning jar, 
(6) What words refer to the process of preserving something?
preservation, embalming, mummification, 
Value
Use this domain for words related to the value of something.
(1) What words refer to the value of something?
value, price, worth
(2) What words refer to evaluating the value of something?
evaluate, evaluation, value (v), 
(3) What words describe something that is valued as good?
good, valuable, worthy, advantageous, important, useful, dear
(4) What words describe something that is valued as bad?
bad, worthless, unworthy, unimportant, useless
(5) What words refer to increasing the value of something?
increase in value, inflate, inflation, appreciate
(6) What words refer to decreasing the value of something?
decrease in value, debase, degrade, deflate, deflation, depreciate
Decorated
Use this domain for words describing something that is decorated.
(1) What words describe something that is decorated?
decorated, adorned, bedecked, bejewelled, decked, embellished, festooned, hung, ornamented, studded, 
(2) What words refer to decorating something?
decorate, adorn, bedeck, deck, embellish, festoon, ornament, gild, 
(3) What words refer to something used to decorate something?
decoration, adornment, embellishment, ornament, 
Simple, plain
Use this domain for words describing something that is simple or plain.
(1) What words describe something that is simple and does not have a lot of decorations?
simple, plain, bare
Glory
Use this domain for words describing the appearance of something that has pleasing aspects or inspires awe and wonder in the viewer. For instance, the palace of a king, the home of a rich man, or a temple may be elaborately decorated and be described as glorious or magnificent. Or something in nature such as a sunset or flower may inspire awe and wonder.
(1) What words describe something that is pleasing and awe inspiring in appearance?
glory, glorious, magnificent, splendor, resplendent, awe inspiring, wonderful, grand, great
Time
Use this domain for general words related to time, and for words indicating the temporal location of an event.
(1) What general words refer to time?
time, temporal
(2) What words indicate that something is happening at some time?
when, upon, thereupon, then, at, be at, be on, -'s, time
Period of time
Use this domain for words referring to a period of time.
(1) What general words refer to a period of time?
period, span, while, length of time, 
(2) What words refer to a period of time?
instant, second, minute, hour, hourly, day, week, fortnight, month, season, year, decade, century, turn of the century, lifetime, millennium
(3) What words refer to a point in time?
point, moment, 
Calendar
Use this domain for words related to the calendar.
(1) What words are used for printed displays of the year?
calendar, pocket calendar, wall calendar, daily planner, schedule
(2) What words are used to refer to a particular day?
date, January 1, 2000, 1-1-00, the first of January 2000
(3) What words are used of the system of numbering the years?
calendar, Gregorian calendar, Julian calendar, BC (before Christ), AD (ad Domino), Christian era
Day
Use this domain for words referring to a day.
(1) What words refer to a day?
day, whole day, day and night, a day and a night, 24 hour day, 'morning, noon and night'
(2) What words are used to indicate that something happens every day?
daily, every day, each day
(3) What words refer to an indefinite day?
someday, one day, a certain day, the other day, some day in the future, one day long ago
(4) What words indicate that something happens during the whole day?
all day long, the whole day long, the whole day through, 
(5) What words are used for the period of time when the sun is shining?
day (as opposed to night), during the day, daytime, daylight, daylight hours
Night
Use this domain for words referring to night.
(1) What words refer to night?
night, nighttime, 
(2) What words refer to this night?
tonight, this night, 
(3) What words refer to the night before this one?
last night, 
(4) What words refer to two nights ago?
two nights ago, the night before last, 
(5) What words refer to the night after this one?
tomorrow night, 
(6) What words indicate that something happens during the night?
at night, during the night, in the night, by night, 
(7) What words are used to indicate that something happens every night?
nightly, every night, each night, 
(8) What words indicate that something happens during the whole night?
all night long, the whole night long, 
Yesterday, today, tomorrow
Use this domain for words referring to days relative to each other.
(1) What words refer to one day in relation to the days before and after it?
today, yesterday, the day before yesterday, three days ago, tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, three days from now, the day before, the day after
Time of the day
Use this domain for words referring to a time of the day.
(1) What words refer to a time of the day?
time, hour, watch, 
(2) What words refer to dawn?
dawn, sunrise, daybreak, aurora, cockcrow, dawning, sunup, 
(3) What words refer to the time between dawn and noon?
morning, midmorning, am, antemeridian, ante meridiem, forenoon, matins, morn, early morning
(4) What words refer to noon?
noon, midday, meridian, midpoint, noonday, noontide, noontime, 
(5) What words refer to the time between noon and sunset?
afternoon, mid afternoon, pm, postmeridian, post meridiem, 
(6) What words refer to sunset?
sunset, sundown, twilight, dusk, nightfall, it gets dark, gloaming, 
(7) What words refer to the time between sunset and when you go to sleep?
evening, early evening, late in the evening, tonight, eventide, vesper, late night, 
(8) What words refer to the time when you go to sleep?
bedtime, time to go to sleep, 
(9) What words refer to midnight?
midnight, the middle of the night, pumpkin hour
(10) What words refer to the time between midnight and dawn?
late at night, the early hours of the morning (2-4), the small hours, the wee hours of the morning, the first watch, the second watch
(11) What words refer to the time just before dawn?
just before dawn, hours before dawn, predawn hours, it gets light, foredawn, 
(12) What words refer to the time when you wake up?
time to get up, 
Week
Use this domain for words related to a week.
(1) What words refer to a week?
week, this week, last week, next week, the weeks to come
(2) What words are used to indicate that something happens every week?
weekly, every week, each week
Days of the week
Use this domain for words referring to the days of the week.
(1) What are the names of the days of the week?
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday
(2) What other terms are used for the days of the week?
first day of the week (Sunday), second day of the week (Monday), midweek (Wednesday), Sabbath (Saturday), the Lord's day (Sunday)
(3) What words are used to refer to all the days of the week together?
days of the week
Month
Use this domain for words referring to a month.
(1) What words refer to a month?
month, this month, last month, next month, the months to come
(2) What words are used to indicate that something happens every month?
monthly, every month, each month
(3) What words refer to a time during the month?
full moon, half moon, new moon, 
Months of the year
Use this domain for words referring to the months of the year.
(1) What are the names of the months of the year?
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December
Season
Use this domain for words referring to seasons of the year that are related to the time of year, the weather, or times of cultivation.
(1) What general words refer to a season of the year?
season
(2) What words refer to a season related to the time of year?
winter, spring, summer, autumn, fall, holiday season, Christmas season, new year, midsummer, midyear, 
(3) What words are used for a part of a school year?
term, semester, trimester, quarter, midterm, 
(4) What words refer to a season related to the weather?
season, rainy season, long rains, short rains, dry season, cold season, hot season
(5) What words refer to a season related to a time of cultivation?
planting season, growing season, harvest season, hunger season
Year
Use this domain for words referring to a year.
(1) What words refer to a year?
year, this year, last year, next year, the years to come
(2) What words are used to indicate that something happens every year?
yearly, every year, annually, annual
Era
Use this domain for words referring to an era--a very long period of time.
(1) What words refer to an era?
era, age, epoch, the times, generation, this age, the age to come
Special days
Use this domain for words referring to a special day.
(1) What words refer to a special day of the year?
holiday, vacation
(2) What words are used for the days when a person works?
weekday(s) (Monday through Friday), workday, workweek
(3) What words are used for the days when a person does not work?
weekend, day off, Sabbath, day of rest
Take time
Use this domain for words referring to taking time to do something.
(1) What words refer to how people relate to time?
take time, spend time, use time, make time, find time
A short time
Use this domain for words referring to a short time.
(1) What words indicate that something happens for a short time?
take a short time, be for a short time, brief, briefly, briefness
(2) What words indicate that something happens for a very short time?
moment, instant, point in time, instantaneous, instantaneously
(3) What words refer to taking a short time to do something?
be brief, be quick, 
(4) What do people say when they want someone to do something in a short time?
be brief, don't take long, get it over with
A long time
Use this domain for words referring to a long time.
(1) What words indicate that something happens for a long time?
take a long time, be for a long time, go long, go over the time allotted, take forever, last a long time, went on forever, kept going and going, lengthy, enduring
(2) What do people say when they want someone to do something for a long time?
take your time, make it last, we want this to last a long time
Forever
Use this domain for words referring to something happening forever.
(1) What words are used to indicate that an event or state that will continue forever?
forever, always, ever, eternally, incessantly, unceasingly, forever and ever, in perpetuity, for all eternity, for all time
(2) What words are used to describe something will continue forever?
eternal, infinite, everlasting, constant, perpetual, unending, endless, never-ending, unceasing, ceaseless, incessant, undying, immortal, imperishable, deathless, boundless, indefinite, unlimited, immeasurable, never failing, unfailing, timeless
(3) What words are used to indicate that something will continue forever?
be forever, last forever, go on forever, always be there, never fail/end/die/stop
(4) What words are used to refer to all time or a time that will never end?
eternity, infinity, all times
Temporary
Use this domain for words referring to something being temporary.
(1) What words indicate that something will only last for some time and then end?
temporary, transient 
Indefinite time
Use this domain for words referring to an indefinite time.
(1) What words refer to an indefinite time?
when, then, sometime, someday, anytime, onetime, whenever, approximate, approximately, 
Telling time
Use this domain for words related to telling time.
(1) What words refer to telling time?
tell time, keep time, mark time, measure time, beat time, register the time, to chronicle
(2) What is a written record of times and events called?
chronology, chronicle, record, history
(3) What is a person called who keeps time?
timekeeper
(4) What words indicate a particular time?
(In written English we use a semicolon to separate the hour from the minute: 5:00.)
Plan a time
Use this domain for words referring to planning the time of an event.
(1) What words refer to planning the time of an event?
plan a time, set a date, schedule something, time something
(2) What words refer to the time of an event?
time, date, timing
(3) What words refer to a plan for the time of an event?
schedule, timetable, program
Clock, watch
Use this domain for machines that indicate what time it is.
(1) What words refer to machines for telling time?
timepiece, watch, clock, alarm clock, digital watch, analog watch, electric clock, sundial, pendulum, hourglass
Relative time
Use the domains in this section for words that relate one time to another. Use this domain for words that indicate a temporal relation between situations.
(1) What general words refer to one time in relation to another time?
relative to, in relation to, before or after
Order, sequence
Use this domain for words referring to temporal order or sequence--the order in which a group of events happen. Things and people may also be in order based on the order in which something happened or should happen to them.
(1) What words refer to the order or sequence of a group of events?
order, sequence, cycle, pattern, rota, order of events, 
(2) What words refer to a group of events that happen in order?
sequence, series, succession, chain, course, progression, 
(3) What words refer to a group of things in a series?
series, lineup, queue, 
(4) What words describe a group of things that have been put in order?
be in order, ordered, in sequence, be the right way round, in chronological order, chronological, consecutive, consecutively, successive, in succession, one after another, one after the other, (three years) running, sequential, 
(5) What words refer to doing things in order?
in order, take turns, 
(6) What words refer to the particular order in which something comes?
place, position, where something comes, 
(7) What words describe a group of things that have not been put in order?
unordered, out of sequence
(8) What words describe a group of things in the wrong order?
be out of order, be in the wrong order, be the wrong way round, backwards, 
(9) What words refer to something missing from a group of things in order?
gap
(10) In English 'Order' can be expressed by a noun phrase with no overt marker.
(11) In English 'Order' can be expressed by a 'be' clause with the 'Item' in the subject position.
be, 
(12) In English 'Order' can be expressed by a noun phrase with the 'Item' marked by 'of'.
of, 
Series
Use this domain for words related to a series--several things that happen one after another.
(1) What words refer to a series of things, events, numbers or people?
series, sequence, string of, succession of, stream, train of events, course of, 
(2) What words describe things in a series?
successive, consecutive, alternating, serial, 
(3) What words indicate that someone does things in a series?
in succession, one after the other, one after another, straight, in a row, running, alternate
(4) What words refer to the place that something has in a series?
place, order, rank, slot, grade, 
First
Use this domain for words referring to something happening first--to be before all other things in order or time.
(1) What words describe something that is first in order or time?
first, original, initial, earliest, inaugural, prime, 
(2) What words indicate an event or action that is first?
first (adv), first of all, beginning with, starting with, 
(3) What words indicate that something happened when you first saw something?
at first sight, at first glance
(4) What words indicate that something is the first in a list of things that you will talk about?
firstly, first of all, to start with, to begin with, in the first place
(5) What words indicate that something happens or is done for the first time?
first, the first time, 
(6) What words refer to the first time someone does something?
debut, premiere, maiden (voyage), 
(7) What words describe something that has never happened before?
unprecedented, a first, 
(8) What words refer to doing something that has never been done before?
be the first to do something, show the way, lead the way, pioneer, break new ground, 
(9) What words refer to being the first person to do something in a situation instead of waiting for someone else?
make the first move, take the initiative, 
(10) What words refer to the person who did something first?
pioneer, the first, 
(11) What words refer to something that is the first of its kind?
prototype, original (n), 
Next
Use this domain for words referring to something happening next.
(1) What words indicate that an event happens next?
next, right afterwards, the day after, then, 
(2) What words describe something that happens next?
next, following, ensuing, 
(3) What words refer to an event happening next after another event?
follow, come next, be after, be next, succeed, come after, go after, go next, ensue, 
Last
Use this domain for words referring to something happening last--to happen after all other things in a sequence, or to be the last person or thing in a sequence.
(1) What words indicate that an event happens last?
last (adv), at the end, 
(2) What words describe something that happens last?
last (adj), final, closing, concluding, 
(3) What words refer to an event happening last?
come last, end with, finish with, 
(4) What words indicate that a person or thing is the last in a list or line or group?
be last, come last, finish last, bring up the rear, straggler, be the last straw, 
(5) What words indicate that something is next to the last?
next to the last, the last but one, penultimate, 
(6) What words indicate that something is the last before now?
last (week), latest
(7) What words do people use to indicate the last thing in a list of things they are talking about?
lastly, finally, last but not least, 
(8) What words refer to the last thing?
the last, the latter, 
(9) What words refer to the last part of something?
end, ending, finish, 
Regular
Use this domain for words referring to something that happens regularly.
(1) What words indicate that something happens regularly?
regular, regularly, at regular intervals, every day, daily, be punctuated by, with great regularity, routine, like clockwork
(2) What words indicate that something happens sometimes but not regularly?
intermittently, intermittent, on and off, off and on, in fits and starts, sporadic, 
(3) What words indicate that something does not happen regularly?
irregular, without warning
Alternate
Use this domain for words related to alternating--when several things happen one after another in a repeated pattern.
(1) What words refer to things alternating?
alternate, repeat, cycle, rotate, 
(2) What words describe things that alternate?
alternating, repeated, cyclical, rotating
(3) What words indicate that two things alternate?
alternate (actions, events), 
(4) What words refer to two or more people doing something in alternate turns?
alternate, take turns, take it in turns, share, spell each other, go back and forth, 
Before
Use this domain for words referring to one event happening before another.
(1) What words indicate that something happens before a particular event?
before (conj), prior to, on the eve of, pre-, 
(2) What words indicate that something happens before now or before a particular time?
before (adv), earlier, formerly, previously, ago, already, 
(3) What words indicate that someone does something before a particular event?
beforehand, in advance, advance, prior, 
(4) What words indicate that something must be done before a particular time?
before, by, not later than, at the latest, 
(5) What words refer to something that happened before?
antecedent, precedent, precedence, the one before, 
(6) What words describe something that happened before?
previous, old, last (adj), earlier, former, prior, preceding, recent, preliminary, 
(7) What words describe a time that comes before another one?
previous (day), last (night), the (week) before, the preceding (year)
(8) What words indicate that something comes before another in a series?
before, in front of, ahead of, 
(9) What words describe something that comes before another in a series?
previous, preceding, earlier, the one before, 
(10) What words refer to something happening before something else?
come before, precede, predate, lead up to, come first, be before, be a prelude to, anticipate, antedate, 
(11) What words refer to coming before something else in a series?
come before, precede, 
(12) What words refer to doing something before someone else does it?
do something first, be first, beat someone to it, ahead of, be ahead of your time, 
(13) What words refer to a person or thing that existed before another?
predecessor, forerunner, precursor, ex-(wife/president), 
(14) What words describe something that has been mentioned before?
above, aforementioned, foregoing,  
After
Use this domain for words referring to one event happening after another.
(1) What words indicate that something happens after a particular time or event?
after, afterward, afterwards, later, later on, subsequently, after that, beyond that, hence, 
(2) What words indicate that something happens after a certain period of time?
after, within, in, from now, 
(3) What words describe something that comes after something else?
next, following, later, subsequent, succeeding, ensuing, after, future, consequent, latter, 
(4) What words refer to something happening after something else?
follow, come after, ensue, follow-up, be after, 
(5) What words refer to the events that happen after an event?
sequel, aftermath, what follows, 
(6) What words refer to a person who takes a job or position after someone else?
successor, next in line, succeed, 
(7) What words refer to a book or film that comes after another one?
sequel, 
(8) What words indicate that something comes after another in a series?
after, next, later, further on, 
(9) What words indicate that something will not be done now, but later?
later, it can wait, it will wait, 
(10) What words are used to link events when telling a story?
and, and then, then, having...-en, after, thereafter, thereon, thereupon, whereupon, upon, 
At the same time
Use this domain for words referring to two things happening at the same time.
(1) What words indicate that two things happen at the same time?
at the same time, together, at one time, at once, simultaneously, at the same instant, in concert, in unison, 
(2) What words indicate that something happens at the same time as something else?
at the same time as, meanwhile, while, as, -ing, simultaneity, concurrently, coincident, 
(3) What words refer to two things happening at the same time?
coincide, clash, 
(4) What words refer to arranging two events so that they happen at the same time?
synchronize, tie something in with, 
(5) What words describe things that happen at the same time?
simultaneous, synchronized, parallel, synchronous, contemporaneous, concurrent, 
(6) What words refer to two people that lived at the same time?
contemporary, be a contemporary of someone, be contemporaries
During
Use this domain for words indicating that something happened during some time period, or that something happened while something else was happening.
(1) What words indicate that something happened during some time period?
during, in, in the course of, during the course of, through, throughout, over, by day, by night, during the middle of, in the interim, within
(2) What words indicate that something happened during the time when something else was happening?
while, meanwhile, in the meantime, 
Right time
Use this domain for words referring to the right time to do something.
(1) What words refer to the right time to do something?
the right time, a good time, be the time,
(2) What words describe something happening at the right time?
timely, opportune, well-timed, come at the right time, 
(3) What words refer to a person's ability to choose the right time to do something?
timing, sense of timing, 
(4) What words refer to the wrong time to do something?
the wrong time, a bad time, not a good time, be no time, not be the time, 
(5) What words describe something happening at the wrong time?
badly-timed, ill-timed, come at the wrong time, at a bad time, inopportune, 
Early
Use this domain for words that indicate that something happens early--before the expected time, before the usual time, or before the time that was agreed on. Some words may include the idea that it is good that the event happened early. Other words may include the idea that it is bad that the event happened early.
(1) What words indicate that something happens early?
early (adv), ahead of time, ahead of schedule, in good time, 
(2) What words describe something that happens early?
early (adj), 
(3) What words refer to something happening early?
be early, 
(4) What words indicate that something happens too early?
too early, too soon, untimely, premature, prematurely, jump the gun, 
(5) What words indicate that something happens early in the morning?
early, first thing, at the crack of dawn, bright and early, 
(6) What words indicate that something will happen no earlier than a particular time?
at the earliest, no earlier than, 
On time
Use this domain for words describing something happening on time--at the expected time, at the usual time, or at the time that was agreed on.
(1) What words indicate that something happens on time?
on time, right on time, punctually, promptly, on cue, on the dot, at the right time, at the designated time, at the appointed time, when expected, right when it was supposed to happen, at the exact moment, 
(2) What words describe something that happens on time?
timely, 
(3) What words describe someone who does things on time?
punctual, prompt, 
(4) What words indicate that something happens before it is too late?
in time, just in time, in the nick of time, not a moment too soon, at the last minute, at the eleventh hour, catch, cut it fine, cut it too close, made it in by a whisker, just under the wire, 
(5) What words refer to finishing something within the time that is allowed?
meet a deadline, on schedule, 
Late
Use this domain for words describing something happening late--after the expected time, after the usual time, or after the time that was agreed on.
(1) What words indicate that something happens late?
late (adv), not on time, lateness (of the hour), late in life, 
(2) What words describe something that happens late?
late (adj), overdue, belated, 
(3) What words describe someone who is late?
tardy, latecomer, 
(4) What do people say to someone who is late?
about time too, what time do you call this? where have you been? better late than never
(5) What words refer to being late to pay back a loan?
be behind with, overdue, be in arrears, 
(6) What words indicate that something happens late at night?
last thing at night, in the middle of the night, the early hours, till all hours, 
(7) What words refer to not finishing something within the time that is allowed?
be behind, be behind schedule, be running late, overrun, 
(8) What words indicate that something is too late?
too late, it's a little late in the day, leave it a bit late, miss, 
(9) What words indicate that something will happen no later than a particular time?
no later than, at the latest, 
Delay
Use this domain for words referring to something delaying someone or something--to cause something to happen at a later time, cause someone to do something at a later time, or cause someone or something to be late.
(1) What words refer to something delaying someone?
delay, make someone late, hold someone up, keep, detain, 
(2) What words refer to something delaying an event?
delay, hold something up, set back, put back, get bogged down
(3) What words refer to an instance of delaying something?
delay (n), hold-up, 
(4) What words refer to deliberately delaying someone in order to accomplish something?
stall, play for time, delaying tactics, 
Postpone
Use this domain for words referring to postponing something--to decide to do something later.
(1) What words refer to postponing something?
postpone, put off, delay, reschedule, be put back, defer, table (v), 
(2) What words refer to postponing something because you are lazy?
put off, procrastinate, 
(3) What do people say when they postpone doing something?
Aspectual time
Use this domain for words referring to a time period that is part of a longer time period.
(1) What general words refer to part of a longer time period?
phase, aspect, 
Start something
Use this domain for words referring to starting something, or for something beginning to happen.
(1) What words refer to starting something?
start, launch, open, initiate, set in motion, get things moving, start the ball rolling, begin, 
(2) What words refer to officially starting something such as a new law or way of doing something?
introduce, bring in, phase in, 
start, start up, open, set up, establish, found, inception, 
(4) What words refer to something starting a natural process?
start, activate, set off, 
(5) What words refer to starting something again after it has stopped?
restart, bring back, reintroduce, revive, restore, resurrect, 
Beginning
Use this domain for words referring to something beginning to happen, to beginning to do something, to cause something to start happening, or to cause people to start doing something.
(1) What words are used to indicate that something has begun?
begin, start, commence, initiate, to institute, 
(2) What words refer to the time when something begins?
beginning, the start, commencement, inception, at first, initially, originally, 
(3) What do people say when they want someone else to start?
go, dig in, have at it, let's go, let's do it, move it, let's get going, "on your marks, get set, go", "ready, set, go"
(4) What is a person called who starts something?
initiator, founder, originator, starter
(5) What words indicate that some state has begun?
achieve, appear, arrive, attain, 
Stop something
Use this domain for words related to the end of an action or situation.
(1) What words (intransitive verbs) indicate that something has ended?
stop, come to rest, halt, come to a screeching halt
(2) What words (transitive verbs) indicate that someone is stopping something?
end (something), stop (something), stanch (flow of blood), obstruct (justice), arrest (progress), halt (traffic), impede (progress), inhibit (flow), delay (someone/event), hold up (traffic), detain (someone), discontinue (product), suspend (action), terminate (someone's life), conclude (story), cease (hostilities), desist from (doing something), bring closure to (something), curtail, 
(3) What words refer to the event of stopping?
halt, standstill, pause, discontinuance, stoppage, stay, closure
(4) Where do things typically stop?
stopping place, station
(5) What things are used to stop things?
brake, catch, skid
(6) What do people say when they want someone to stop?
Halt! Stay! Cease and desist! Belay that order! Avast!
(7) What words describe something that you can't stop doing?
compulsive, 
(8) What words indicate that some state has ended?
cease, finish, stop, 
(9) What words refer to something stopping gradually?
fade away, wear off, go away, die away, 
End
Use this domain for words referring to the end of an action or situation.
(1) What words refer to the end of something?
end, finish, conclusion, consummation, culmination, denouement, expiration, finale, homestretch, last, outcome, termination, terminus, terminal, conclusion, time is up, that is all, 
Until
Use this domain for words that indicate that something will continue to happen until a particular time or until something else happens, and then it will stop.
(1) What words indicate that something will happen until something else happens?
(In written English a hyphen is used to indicate that something happens from one time until another time, as in "8:00-5:00" or "Monday-Friday".)
(2) What words indicate that something will not happen until something else happens?
until, wait until, 
Since, from
Use this domain for words that indicate that something will start to happen at some time and continue for some time.
(1) What words indicate that something starts to happen after a particular time and then continues?
starting, from, as from, after that, 
(2) What words indicate that something started in the past and continued until now?
since, ever since, for, from, starting from, from that time on, thereafter, 
(3) What words indicate that something starts to happen now and will continue?
from now on, from this time forward, starting now, starting from now, effective immediately, henceforth, 
(4) What words indicate that something will start in the future and continue?
from then on, starting then, 
Past
Use this domain for words referring to the past or to a time in the past.
(1) What words refer to the past?
past, before, in the past, in years gone by, in the times of our fathers, in our father's/grandparent's/ancestor's time, was (being/doing/happening), lately
(2) What words describe something that existed or happened in the past?
earlier, foregoing, 
(3) What words describe something that existed or happened long ago?
the distant past, long ago, 
Recently
Use this domain for words indicating that something happened recently--a short time before now.
(1) What words indicate that an event happened a short time ago?
recently, not long ago, a short time ago, newly, freshly, a little while back, a short while ago, a little while ago, 
(2) What words indicate that an event happened a very short time ago?
just, only just, a moment ago, a minute ago, just this minute, barely, scarcely, hardly, 
(3) What words indicate that something has been happening up until now?
recently, lately, in recent weeks/months, in the last/past few weeks/months, for the last/past few weeks/months, 
(4) What words describe an event that has happened recently?
recent, latest, 
(5) What words describe news of something that happened recently?
latest, up-to-date, up-to-the-minute, 
Present
Use this domain for words referring to the present time.
(1) What words refer to the present?
present, now, right now, is (being/doing/happening), the present day, today, 
Now
Use this domain for words referring to now.
(1) What words indicate that a situation exists now?
now, right now, nowadays, at this time, at the present time, currently, already, 
(2) What words describe a situation that exists now?
current, present, present-day, 
(3) What do you say when you want someone to start doing something now?
Go! Now!
Future
Use this domain for words referring to the future.
(1) What words are used to refer to the future?
future (n), soon, in the near future, in the distant future, in our children's time, will (be/do/happen), shall, would
(2) What words describe something that will exist or happen in the future?
future (adj), coming, forthcoming, upcoming, in the offing, 
Soon
Use this domain for words referring to something happening soon.
(1) What words indicate that an event will happen soon?
soon, sooner, almost, approach, close, directly, imminence, imminent, impending, near, presently, quickly, shortly, about to, in a little while, not long, won't be long, almost here, just around the corner, in the near future, about to happen, any minute (now), in a minute, in a moment, 
Not yet
Use this domain for words referring to something not happening yet.
(1) What words indicate that an event has not happened yet?
not yet, not now, still need to wait, it will be awhile (still), it will take some time, not quite here, almost
Eventually
Use this domain for words referring to something happening eventually.
(1) What words indicate that something eventually happened?
eventually, in the end, finally, end up, at last, in time
Immediately
Use this domain for words referring to something happening immediately--without any time passing before it happens.
(1) What words indicate that someone does something immediately?
immediate, right away, in no time at all
(2) What words indicate that something happened immediately?
immediately, instantly, this instant, sudden, suddenly, right away, right now, at once, without any time going by, without delay, no sooner, 
(3) What words describe something that happens immediately?
immediate, instant, instantaneous, 
(4) What words indicate that someone does something immediately without thinking about it?
then and there, 
Age
Use this domain for words referring to the age of something.
(1) What words refer to the age of something?
age, how old, 
(2) What words are used to say how old someone is?
be (ten), be (ten) years old, be (ten) years of age, aged (ten), (a boy) of (ten), (ten)-year-old, have turned (ten), 
(3) What words are used to say how old something is?
be (ten) years old, (ten)-year-old, 
(4) What words describe something that is the same age as something else?
the same age, 
(5) What words refer to all the people of the same age?
generation, age group, the under-(ten)s, the over-(ten)s
(6) What words refer to finding out how old something is?
date (v), establish the date of, determine the age of
Young
Use this domain for words describing something young--a word describing a living thing that has only existed for a short time.
(1) What words describe a person or animal that is young?
young, little, small, 
(2) What words describe someone who is younger than someone else?
younger, junior, 
(3) What words refer to a younger brother or sister?
younger brother, younger sister, little brother, little sister, kid brother, kid sister, 
(4) What words describe a plant that is young?
green, immature, young, 
(5) What words describe someone who looks or acts young?
youthful, well-preserved, 
Old, not young
Use this domain for words describing something old--a word describing a living thing that has existed for a long time.
(1) What words describe a person or animal that is old?
old, elderly, aged, aging, ancient, be getting on, not be as young as you were, patriarchal, senior, 
(2) What words describe a plant that is old?
old, mature, 
(3) What words describe someone who is older than someone else?
older, elder, 
(4) What words describe someone who is older than everyone else?
oldest, eldest, 
(5) What words refer to being almost a particular age?
be pushing, be getting on for, 
New
Use this domain for words describing something new--a word describing something that has only existed for a short time.
(1) What words describe something that is new?
new, newness, newly, modern, state-of-the-art, untrodden, up-to-date, 
(2) What words describe something that has just been made?
new, brand new, fresh, 
(3) What words describe food that is new?
fresh, raw, 
(4) What words describe something that has been sold for only a short time?
new, brand new, recent, latest, be just out, be hot off the press, 
(5) What words describe an organization that has existed for a short time?
new, young, 
(6) What words describe something that has just been discovered?
new, newly discovered, fresh, 
(7) What words describe an experience or feeling that you have never had before?
new, newfound, 
(8) What words describe a new idea or way of doing something?
new, new-fangled, avant-garde, contemporary, forward-looking, fresh, futuristic, go-ahead, be in its infancy, innovative, inventive, modern, ultra-modern, move with the times, novel, original, originality, pioneering, present-day, progressive, revolutionary, up-to-date, up-to-the-minute, ahead of your time, 
(9) What words describe someone who has recently arrived in a place or just started a new job?
new, newcomer, new arrival, be new to, fresh, green, stranger, 
(10) What words describe something or someone that has recently replaced the one before it?
new, fresh, 
(11) What words refer to changing something that is old, so that it is like new?
renew, renewal, freshen, modernize, modernization, recondition, reconditioning, refresh, refurbish, refurbishing, rejuvenate, rejuvenation, renovate, restore, update, bring something up to date, 
(12) What words describe something that is old, but has been made to look new?
as good as new, renewed, freshened, modernized, reconditioned, refreshed, refurbished, rejuvenated, renovated, restored, 
(13) What words refer to something that is new?
novelty, innovation, latest, original, 
Old, not new
Use this domain for words describing something old--a word describing something that has existed for a long time.
(1) What words describe something that is old?
old, older, oldest, dated, late, 
(2) What words describe something that is very old?
age-old, be as old as the hills, ancestral, ancient, be around from time immemorial, 
(3) What words describe something that is old and belongs to an early period of history?
primeval, antediluvian, mediaeval, primordial, 
(4) What words describe something that is old and good?
antique, classical, time-honored, vintage, 
(5) What words describe something that is old and not good?
crumbling, declining, decrepit, dowdy, effete, faded, past its prime, rusty, worn out, 
(6) What words describe something that has been used and is no longer new?
old, used, second hand, worn, time-worn, 
(7) What words describe food that is old?
stale, decayed, 
(8) What words describe an organization that has existed for a long time?
old, has a long history, 
(9) What words describe something that people have known about for a long time?
old hat, 
(10) What words describe an experience or feeling that you have had before?
familiar, 
(11) What words describe someone who has been in a place for a long time or has worked at a job for a long time?
old-timer, old hand, no stranger (to these parts), 
(12) What words refer to something being older than other things like it?
outgrow, outlive, outwear, 
(13) What words describe something or someone that has been replaced by a new one?
old, former, 
(14) What words refer to changing something that is new, so that it looks like it is old?
antique (v), antiquate, give something an antique look, 
(15) What words refer to something that is old?
antique, antiquities, 
Modern
Use this domain for words describing something modern--a word that describes something like a machine, system, or country that uses the most recent equipment, ideas, and methods.
(1) What words describe a modern machine or system?
modern, up-to-date, advanced, sophisticated, high-tech, state-of-the-art, be ahead of its time, at the leading edge of, at the cutting edge of, 
(2) What words describe a modern country?
advanced, developed, 
(3) What words describe a modern person or organization?
progressive, innovative, forward-looking, move with the times, go-ahead, 
(4) What words describe modern art, literature, or music?
contemporary, avant-garde, futuristic, 
(5) What words refer to changing something to make it modern?
modernize, bring something up to date, update, 
Old fashioned
Use this domain for words describing something old fashioned--something that was done or used in the past, but not done or used now.
(1) What words describe something that is old fashioned?
old-fashioned, unfashionable, antiquated, archaic, outdated, out of date, outmoded, outworn, 
(2) What words describe something that is old fashioned and no longer used?
antiquated, dated, fusty, early type/form of, obsolete, primitive, 
(3) What words describe an old fashioned idea or way of doing something?
old, customary, inveterate, passé, traditional, tried and true, well-trodden, 
(4) What words describe something that is so old fashioned that people think it is stupid?
medieval, out of the ark, dinosaur, anachronism, archaic, 
(5) What words describe something that is old fashioned but people still like it?
quaint, old-time, of the old school, olde worlde, 
(6) What words refer to something becoming old fashioned?
be on the way out, fall into disuse, 
(7) What words refer to making something old fashioned by doing the same thing a new way?
antiquate, render obsolete, 
(8) What words describe someone who is old fashioned in the way they think or act?
old fashioned, be behind the times, be living in the past, reactionary, straitlaced, 
(9) What words refer to someone who is old fashioned?
fuddy-duddy, old fogy, old guard, traditionalist, 
Once
Use this domain for words referring to something happening once.
(1) What words indicate that an event has happened once?
once, one time, on one occasion, at one stage, at one point, one day
Again
Use this domain for words referring to something happening again or doing something again.
(1) What words indicate that an event happens again?
again, once again, once more, yet again, one more time, afresh, fresh, another time, another time
(2) What words refer to doing something again?
do something again, repeat, redo, over, all over again, 
(3) What words refer to starting to do something again that you had been doing before?
return to, go back to, get back to, resume, resumption, bring back, revive, revival, 
(4) What words refer to having to start something again from the very beginning?
back to square one, make a fresh start, 
(5) What words refer to being back to the same situation that you were in before?
again, once more, 
(6) What words refer to taking an examination again?
retake, resit, 
(7) What words refer to something you do again?
repetition, 
(8) What words indicate that something is done many times?
repeated, repeatedly, recurrent, recurring, repetitive, again and again, over and over again, always, never stop, 
Sometimes
Use this domain for words referring to something happening sometimes.
(1) What words indicate that an event happens sometimes?
sometimes, occasionally, every so often, once in a while, at times, now and again, now and then, from time to time
(2) What words describe something that happens sometimes?
occasional, the odd, periodic, intermittent, casual
Often
Use this domain for words referring to something happening often--happening or done many times.
(1) What words indicate how often something happens?
often, frequently, time after time, time and again, repeatedly, many a time, hundreds of times, half the time, at frequent intervals, 
(2) What words describe something that happens often?
frequent, repeated, habitual, 
(3) What words indicate that something does not happen often?
rarely, infrequently, 
(4) What words describe something that does not happen often?
rare, infrequent, 
(5) What words indicate how often something happens?
how often, how many times, the number of times, frequency, 
(6) What words refer to something happening more often?
increasingly, 
All the time
Use this domain for words referring to something happening all the time.
(1) What words indicate that something happens or a situation exists all the time?
all the time, always, constantly, permanently, permanent
(2) What words indicate that a situation exists during a time period?
throughout, all through, the whole time, all day, all week, from start to finish
Every time
Use this domain for words referring to something happening every time something else happens.
(1) What words indicate that something always happens?
always, habitually
(2) What words indicate that when one thing happens something else always happens?
every time, whenever
(3) What words indicate that something happens every day or week?
every (day), 
Never
Use this domain for words that indicate that something that never happens, or that something has not once happened.
(1) What words indicate that something that never happens?
never, not ever, never once, not once, never for a moment, not for a moment, never ever, at no time, not in a million years, never in a million years, have never been known to do something, 
Continue, persevere
Use this domain for words referring to continuing to do something.
(1) What words refer to continuing to do something?
continue (doing something), remain at (something), keep on (doing something), stay at (it), stick to (it), hold on, keep (going), keep at (it), stick-to-itiveness, sustain, 
(2) What words indicate that something is continuing?
continuity, continual, continuous, to last (for a long time), endure, enduring, lasting, continuing, remain, perpetual, durable, rest, retain, stand, endless, 
(3) What words refer to continuing to do something without waiting?
go ahead, proceed, 
(4) What words refer to something that continues?
continuum, 
Interrupt
Use this domain for words referring to interrupting someone--speaking when someone is speaking, or doing something to stop someone from doing what they are doing.
(1) What words refer to interrupting someone or something that is happening?
interrupt, break in, stop, butt in, interruption, intermission, interlude
(2) What words are used to describe something that is not interrupted?
incessant, uninterrupted
Start again
Use this domain for words referring to starting to do something after stopping for some time.
(1) What words refer to continue doing something after stopping?
continue, start again, resume, get on with, get around to
Interval
Use this domain for words referring to an interval between two events.
(1) What words refer to the time period between events?
interval, space things out
Speed
Use this domain for words referring to the speed at which a person acts or the speed at which something happens.
(1) What words refer to the speed at which a person acts?
speed, velocity, pace
(2) What words are used to indicate the speed of something?
Quick
Use this domain for words referring to doing something at a quick speed or something happening quickly.
(1) What words describe an action that is done quickly?
fast, quick, quickly, quickness, speedy, speeding, speedily, speed, hasty, hastily, haste, rapid, rapidly, rapidity, hurry, hurried, hurriedly, in a hurry, swift, swiftly, swiftness, rush, rush into, rush through, in a rush, express
(2) What words describe an action that is done extremely quickly?
at light speed, faster than a speeding bullet, just a blur
(3) What words describe something that happens quickly?
happen so fast, in the twinkling of an eye, came and went so quickly, it was all over in a minute
(4) What words refer to doing something quickly?
to speed, move fast, hurry, hasten, be brief
(5) What words refer to causing someone to do something quickly?
hurry (someone), rush (someone)
(6) What do you say to someone when you want him to hurry?
Hurry up! Move it! Let's go, let's go! Quick! Faster! Speed it up! Get a move on! Giddy up! (horse) 
Slow
Use this domain for words referring to doing something at a slow speed.
(1) What words describe an action that is done slowly?
slow, slowly, leisurely
(2) What words describe an action that is done extremely slowly?
excruciatingly slow, move at a snail's pace, gradual, gradually, little by little, bit-by-bit, glacial
(3) What words refer to doing something slowly?
go slow, slowness, take your time (over)
(4) What words refer to causing someone to do something slowly?
slow (someone) down, hold back, restrain, delay, hold up
(5) What do you say to someone when you want him to do something slowly?
Slow down! Take it easy! Take your time! Whoa! (horse)
Sudden
Use this domain for words referring to a sudden event--something happens that I don't expect.
(1) What words refer to moving suddenly?
move suddenly, sudden movement
(2) What words are used to indicate that an event is sudden?
sudden (warning), all of a sudden, abrupt
(3) What words are used to indicate that something happened suddenly?
suddenly, abruptly, without warning, without notice
(4) What words refer to the suddenness of something?
suddenness
Location
Use this domain for words that refer to the place where something is located and for words indicating the location of something.
(1) What words refer to the location of something?
location, position, place, venue, at, spot
(2) What words indicate that something is located somewhere?
be at, at, be, be located, location
Here, there
Use this domain for words that refer to a place in relation to the speaker or listener.
(1) What words refer to a place near the speaker?
here, hereabouts, hither, in this place, on this very spot, around here
(2) What words refer to a place near the listener?
there, thereabouts, thither, 
(3) What words refer to a place that is not near the speaker or the listener?
over there, elsewhere, yon, yonder
In front of
Use this domain for words referring to being in front of you.
(1) What words indicate that something is in front of something else?
front, in front, in the front, up front, forward, in the foreground, be in front, out in front, before, ahead of, 
(2) What words refer to the front of a line of people or vehicles?
the front, 
(3) What words refer to being at the front of a line?
at the front, at the head of, leading, 
(4) What words indicate that something is in front of you?
in front, ahead, up ahead, 
(5) What words indicate that two people are in front of each other?
face to face, facing each other
Behind
Use this domain for words indicating that something is behind you.
(1) What words indicate that something is in back of something else?
behind, in back, way back, in the rear, background
Beside
Use this domain for words that indicate that something is to the side of someone.
(1) What words indicate that something is beside something else?
be beside, alongside, along, next to, at your side, be way over to the side, be on the right, be on the left
Around
Use this domain for words indicating that something is around something else.
(1) What words indicate that something is around something else?
be around, surrounding
Between
Use this domain for words indicating that something is between two other things.
(1) What words indicate that something is between two other things?
between, amid, amidships, amidst, among, amongst, betwixt, center, central, equidistant, half-way, mean, medial, median, medium, mid, middle, middlemost, midst, midway, therein, throughout, within, 
On
Use this domain for words indicating that something is on another thing.
(1) What words indicate that something is on something else?
be on, be on top of, topside, upon, 
Above
Use this domain for words that express the idea that something is above another thing. The concept 'above' is inherently relational, expressing the relative positions of two things.
(1) What words indicate that something is above something else?
above, higher than, over, overhang, up above, super-, supra-, on high, 
(2) What words describe something that is above something else?
aloft, overhanging, overhead, upper, 
Under, below
Use this domain for words that express the idea that something is under another thing. The concept 'under' is inherently relational, expressing the relative positions of two things.
(1) What words indicate that something is under something that is directly above it?
under, underneath, beneath, under-, sub-
(2) What words indicate that something is in a lower position or on a lower level?
below, beneath, sunken, lower
(3) What words indicate that something is under a covering (such as clothes, skin, or paint)?
under, underneath, beneath
(4) What words refer to being under something?
underlay, underlie, 
(5) What words describe something that is under another thing?
underlying, nether, 
Inside
Use this domain for words indicating that something is outside something else.
(1) What words indicate that something is in something else?
be in, inside, inner, within
Out, outside
Use this domain for words indicating that something is outside of another thing.
(1) What words indicate that something is outside of something else?
be out, outside, outer
Touching, contact
Use this domain for words indicating that two things are touching or in contact with each other.
(1) What words refer to two things touching each other?
contact, be in contact, touch, rest against, up against, together, end to end
(2) What words refer to two things moving until they touch each other?
come into contact, make contact, touch, bump into, come together, brush, skim, graze, meet, connect, butt up against, come to rest against
(3) What words describe something that is touching another?
abutting, adjoining, contiguous
Next to
Use this domain for words indicating that something is next to something else.
(1) What words indicate that something is next to another?
next to, right next to, right up next to, by, beside, neighbor, juxtaposed, nearest
(2) What words indicate that something is next to something long such as a road?
along, alongside, by the side of, at the side of
(3) What words indicate that something such as a building or country is next to another?
next door, adjoin, border (v)
(4) What words indicate that two things are next to each other and facing in the same direction?
side by side, abreast
(5) What words describe something that is next to another?
the next, adjacent, adjoining, bordering, neighboring
Across
Use this domain for words that refer to a place on another side of something from the reference point. 'Across' involves three things--the object, the reference point, and something else in between the two.
(1) What words indicate that something is across from something else?
across, across from, on the other side of, on the opposite side of, beyond, offshore from
Indefinite location
Use this domain for words indicating that something is at an indefinite location.
(1) What words refer to an indefinite location?
somewhere, anywhere, someplace, anyplace, where, here, there, over there, any old place, wherever, who knows where, could be anywhere, undisclosed location, location unknown, here and there, whereabouts, hereabouts, thereabouts
Direction
Use this domain for general words referring to a direction.
(1) What words refer to a direction?
direction, orientation, course, way, bearing
(2) What words refer to facing in some direction?
face (v), point, orient
(3) What words refer to a person's ability to know what direction he is going in?
sense of direction
(4) What words indicate that two things are going in the same direction?
with
(5) What words indicate that two things are going in different directions?
against
Forward
Use this domain for words indicating a forward direction.
(1) What words indicate the direction forward?
forward, ahead, 
Backward
Use this domain for words indicating a backward direction.
(1) What words indicate the direction backward?
back, backward, behind, reverse, 
Right, left
Use this domain for words referring to right and left.
(1) What words refer to the right side?
(2) What words refer to the left side?
left
(3) What words describe a person who usually uses his right hand?
right-handed
(4) What words describe a person who usually uses his left hand?
left-handed
Up
Use this domain for words referring to the direction up.
(1) What words refer to the direction up?
up, upwards, upward, uphill, upstairs, higher and higher, up and down, 
(2) What words describe something that is facing or pointing upwards?
face-up, 
(3) What words indicate that a path or road goes upward?
go up, climb, rise, 
Down
Use this domain for words referring to the direction down.
(1) What words refer to the direction down?
down, downwards, downhill
Away from
Use this domain for words indicating a direction away from something.
(1) What words indicate that something is moving away from something else?
toward, towards, away from, inward, inwards, outward, outwards
(2) What words indicate that something moves from one place (to another place)?
from, 
Towards
Use this domain for words indicating a direction toward something.
(1) What words indicate that something is moving toward something else?
(2) What words indicate that something moves (from one place) to another place?
to, 
North, south, east, west
Use this domain for words referring to the directions of the compass.
(1) What general words refer to a direction of the compass?
direction, heading, point of the compass, degree, bearing, cardinal points
(2) What words refer to a direction of the compass?
north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, southwest, northward, southward, eastward, westward, northerly, southerly, westerly, easterly, up north, down south, sunrise, sunset
(3) What words describe something that is toward one of the directions of the compass?
northern, southern, eastern, western, boreal, austral, oriental, occidental, Midwestern, Fareast
(4) What words describe something going in one of the directions?
northbound, southbound, eastbound, westbound
(5) What words describe a person who is from a part of the country that is north, south, east, or west?
northerner, southerner, easterner, westerner
(6) What words refer to a compass?
compass, needle
Be at a place
Use this domain for words related to being at a place.
(1) What words indicate that something or someone is in a particular place?
be at a place/location, be in a place/location, be located, be situated, be localized, attendance, be present, presence, sit, lie, laid, occupy, be resting
(2) What words indicate that something or someone is in the correct or expected place?
in place, in the proper place, in your place, out of place
Absent
Use this domain for words related to being absent--to not be in a particular place, or not be in the correct or expected place.
(1) What words indicate that something or someone is not in a particular place?
be absent, not be here, not be around, be out, not be in, be away, missing, be off, not be at, not be there, absence, be gone, not present, be away, nowhere to be found, out of sight, truant, absent without leave, AWOL, missing in action, not show up, make yourself scarce, minus someone, be lacking, lose, elsewhere, somewhere else, 
(2) What words refer to a person who is absent?
absentee, truant, missing person, no-show, 
Area
Use this domain for words referring to an area.
(1) What words refer to an area?
area, region, district, expanse (of land) 
Vicinity
Use this domain for words related to a vicinity--an area around something else.
(1) What words refer to the area around something else?
area, vicinity, environs, neighborhood, surroundings, community, district, region, context
Occupy an area
Use this domain for words related to occupying an area.
(1) What words refer to occupying an area?
occupy, occupy an area, take up space, cover an area, fill
Space, room
Use this domain for words referring to the amount of empty space that is available to be used.
(1) What words refer to the amount of empty space that is available to be used?
space, room, clearance, floor space, elbow room, 
(2) What words refer to providing space for someone or something?
make room, clear a space, make way, get out of the way, 
(3) What words describe a situation where there is just enough room?
a tight squeeze, barely enough room, close fit, 
Interval, space
Use this domain for words related to an interval or space between things.
(1) What words refer to the area between things?
space, gap, opening, break, interval, separation, hole, 
(2) What words refer to arranging things with spaces between them?
space out, 
(3) What words indicate that things have spaces between them?
spaced, apart, be spaced out, 
(4) What words indicate that things are arranged with regular spaces in between?
at regular intervals, every meter, evenly spaced, 
Spatial relations
Use this domain for words that indicate a spatial relation between situations.
(1) What words indicate that a situation happened at the same place as another situation?
where, in the same place as, at the same place as
(2) What words indicate that a situation happened at a different place as another situation?
somewhere else, elsewhere, 
Contain
Use this domain for words that express the idea that something contains something.
(1) What words indicate that something contains something?
have, of, -'s, contain, hold
(2) In English 'Containership' can be expressed by a clause using the verb 'contain' with the 'Container' in the subject position and the 'Content' in the object position.
(3) In English 'Containership' can be expressed by a clause using the verb with the 'Container' in the subject position, the 'Content' in the object position, and the 'Container' in a preposition phrase marked by 'in'.
(4) In English 'Containership' can be expressed by a noun phrase with the 'Container' as the head and the 'Content' marked by 'of'.
(5) In English 'Containership' can be expressed by a noun phrase with the word 'container' as the head and the 'Content' marked by 'of'.
(6) In English 'Containership' can be expressed by a noun phrase with the word 'contents' as the head and the 'Container' marked by 'of'.
(7) In English 'Containership' can be expressed by a possession phrase with the 'Container' in the first position and the word 'contents' in the second position.
Parts of things
Use this domain for words that refer to a part of something. These words are often based on the parts of a person's body.
(1) What general words refer to a part of something?
part, piece, section, component, portion, bit
(2) If something has two sides, what words refer to the other side?
the back, the reverse, the other side, the flip side, 
(3) What words refer to the part of something used to hold it?
handle, grip
(4) What words refer to the main part of something?
body, chassis
(5) What words refer to something added to the main part?
appendage, appurtenance, adjunct, accessory, addition, attachment
(6) What words refer to a layer of something?
layer, level, stratum, stratified, story, floor, sandwich
(7) What other words refer to a part of something?
flap, detail, bar, blade, hook, lid, neck, nose, shelf, wheel, longitudinal, projection, 
Front
Use this domain for words related to the front part of something.
(1) What words refer to the front of something?
front (n), face, facade, 
(2) What words describe something that is on the front?
front (adj), frontal, anterior
Back
Use this domain for words related to the back part of something.
(1) What words refer to the back of something?
back (n), rear, hind end, 
(2) What words describe something that is on the back?
back (adj), rear, posterior, 
Top
Use this domain for words related to the top part of something.
(1) What words refer to the top of something?
top (n), topside, summit, peak, pinnacle, cap, head, 
(2) What words describe something that is on the top?
top (adj), uppermost, 
Bottom
Use this domain for words related to the bottom part of something.
(1) What words refer to the bottom of something?
bottom (n), underside, base, breech, foot, foundation, ventral, undersurface, 
(2) What words describe something that is on the bottom?
bottom (adj), 
Side
Use this domain for words related to the side part of something.
(1) What words refer to the side of something?
side (n), flank, right side, left side, 
(2) What words refer to an area that is on one side of a border or wall
side, 
(3) What words describe something that is on the side?
side (adj), lateral, 
Inner part
Use this domain for words related to the inside part of something.
(1) What words refer to the inside part of something?
inside (n), interior, innards, lining, framework, 
(2) What words describe something that is on the inside?
inside (adj), interior, inner, 
Outer part
Use this domain for words related to the outside or surface part of something.
(1) What words refer to the outside part of something?
outside (n), exterior, surface, cover, covering, skin, shell
(2) What words describe something that is on the outside?
outside (adj), outer, external, surface, superficial, 
Middle
Use this domain for words related to the middle part or center of something.
(1) What words refer to the middle part of something?
middle (n), center, the heart of, core, 
(2) What words describe something that is in the middle?
middle (adj), center (adj), central, 
(3) What words indicate that something is in the middle of a thing or area?
in the middle, at the center, 
(4) What words refer to the middle position between two places, times, or amounts?
in the middle, halfway, midway, midpoint, 
Edge
Use this domain for words related to the edge of something--the part of something where two sides come together.
(1) What words refer to the edge of something?
edge (n), border, outskirts, perimeter, margin, periphery, curb
(2) What words refer to the edge of an area of land?
border, boundary, frontier, 
(3) What words refer to the edge of a cup or plate?
rim, lip, brim, 
(4) What words refer to the edge of a piece of clothing?
hem, fringe, 
(5) What words refer to something put along the edge of something?
frame, edging, skirting, 
(6) What words describe something that is on the edge?
edge (adj), peripheral, marginal, border (adj), bordering, 
(7) What words refer to the corner of something?
corner (n), 
(8) What words describe something that is on the corner?
corner (adj), 
End, point
Use this domain for words related to the end of something.
end (n), point, tip, nose, head, 
(2) What words describe something that is on the end?
end (adj), pointy, 
Grammar
Use this domain for technical linguistic terms that refer to grammatical words and constructions. Most languages have few if any words in this domain.
(1) What words refer to the study of grammar?
grammar, syntax, morphology
(2) What words refer to types of grammatical words?
noun, verb, adjective, adverb, conjunction, preposition, particle, article, word, participle, infinitive, part of speech, compound, derivative
(3) What words refer to types of grammatical constructions?
phrase, clause, sentence, paragraph
(4) What words refer to parts of words?
root, stem, affix, prefix, suffix, ending, morpheme, 
(5) What words are used to talk about grammar?
inflect, inflection, case, decline, declension, conjugate, conjugation, parse, paradigm, rule, singular, plural
(6) What words are used to talk about the sounds of a language?
letter, consonant, vowel, syllable 
General words
Use the following section for words that don't belong in any other domain because they are so general in meaning that you can use them to talk about any topic. Use this domain for general and indefinite words that can be used in the place of any word. Some languages have a general word that can replace a noun or a verb. For instance some Philippine languages use the word 'kwan' in this way. Colloquial German can use the word 'dings' as a noun or verb. Often these words are used when you can't remember the particular word you are trying to think of. In English we use the word 'blank' when we don't want to say a word, for instance when we are testing someone and want them to say the word.
(1) What words can be used in the place of any word?
blank, ... (ellipsis), you know what I mean 
Be
Many languages have general words that indicate some kind of state. These general words may be used with a wide variety of specific meanings. For instance in English the word 'be' may be used to identify something, describe something, and many other ideas.
(1) What words refer to something being something?
be, represent, amount to, form, make, constitute
(2) What words indicate that something is being identified?
is
(3) What words indicate that a group of things is something?
make up, form, constitute, add up to,  
Exist
Use this domain for words indicating that something exists.
(1) What words are used to indicate that something exists?
exist, existence, there is, there exists, there lives, be, be found, occur, be in existence, be in operation, real, 
(2) What words refer to something starting to exist?
appear, arise, coalesce, come into being, come into existence, come to be, develop, emerge, form, materialize, spring up, take shape
(3) What words refer to continuing to exist?
remain, persist, persistence, survive, survival, survivor, 
(4) What words refer to something ceasing to exist?
become extinct, extinction, die out, disappear, vanish, cease to exist, disappearance, disintegrate, disintegration, fade, loss, 
(5) What words refer to not existing?
non-existent, extinct, there's no, there's no such thing, 
Become, change state
Many languages have general words that indicate some kind of change of state. These general words may be used with a wide variety of specific meanings. For instance in English the word 'become' may be used to a change in identity, a change in characteristic, a change in nature, and many other ideas.
(1) What words are used to indicate a change of state?
become (characteristic), change, come to be, turn, get, develop, grow into, turn into, change into, become different, evolve
(2) What words are used of causing or producing a state?
produce, cause to be, make to be, make, make into, result in, bring upon, bring about
(3) What words are used of attaining a state?
come to be, attain, achieve, reach
Have, of
Many languages have several general words that are used to indicate a variety of relationships between two things. There are three such words in English:
"have," "of," and the possessive suffix "-'s." The basic meaning of these words in English is 'to own', but they can mean many other things too. For instance they can mean that I am related to someone (I have a brother), something has a part (birds have wings), and many other ideas. There is also a set of pronouns in English that are like nouns ending in -'s (my/mine, your/yours, his, her/hers, its, our/ours, their/theirs, whose). Use this domain for these general words.
(1) What general words relate two nouns?
have, of, -'s
Attribution
Attributes often belong to a class of attributes (shape = straight, curved) or to a scale (length = long, short). The class or scale can sometimes be included in the expression, but does not mark the proposition itself. (The towel <feels> damp. The box <weighs> five kilos.)
(1) What words are used to indicate an attribute of something?
found to be, discover to be, turn out to be, be in many ways
(2) What words indicate a point on a scale?
(3) What words indicate an evaluation of something?
Do
Use this domain for general verbs with a volitional subject (agent).
(1) What general words refer to someone doing something?
do, act, actuate, behave, accomplish, achieve, attain, conduct, effectuate, engage in, execute, exercise, exert, function, give, go about, dabble in, implement, manage, perform, practice, progress, undertake, up to, use, utilize, work, operate, be involved in
(2) What words refer to the thing that is done?
deed, thing to do, something to do, what you do, act (n), action, activity, event, behavior, accomplishment, achievement, attainment, execution, exercise, function (n), job, implementation, measure, performance, practice (n), task, undertaking, work (n), workmanship, feat, exploits, operation
(3) What words refer to the person doing something?
achiever, actor, doer, performer, agent
(4) What words describe someone who is doing something?
active, in action
(5) How do you ask someone what he is doing?
What are you doing? What are you up to? What do you think you are doing? 
Happen
Use this domain for non-volitional pro-verbs.
(1) What words refer to something happening?
happen, occur, take place, chance, befall, betide, supervene, 
(2) What words refer to something that has happened?
event, experience, affair, occurrence, phenomenon, occasion,  
React, respond
Use this domain for words referring to reacting or responding to something.
(1) What words refer to reacting or responding?
react, respond, 
(2) What words refer to reacting to someone in the same way they treat you?
reciprocate, give back, 
(3) What words refer to reacting too strongly?
overreact, 
(4) What words refer to how someone reacts?
reaction, response, feedback, backlash, 
(5) What words refer to the ability to react quickly to something?
reactions, reflexes, 
(6) What words refer to reacting in a good way?
responsive 
Create
Use this domain for words referring to creating something--causing something to be that did not exist before.
(1) What words refer to inventing something?
create, dream up, imagine, compose, contrive, design, devise, invent, conceive of, think up, make up
(2) What words refer to something that has been invented?
design, invention, conception, dream
(3) What words refer to something that has been created?
creation, creature, 
(4) What words refer to a person who creates?
creator, inventor, 
(5) What words describe something that was created?
created,  
Design
Use this domain for words referring to designing something--to decide and plan how something new will look and work.
(1) What words refer to designing something?
design, plan, 
(2) What words refer to the way something is designed?
design, 
(3) What words refer to someone who designs things?
designer, architect, planners 
Make
Use this domain for words referring to making something--joining things together to create something to be that did not exist before.
(1) What words refer to making something?
make, build, construct, create, fabricate, fashion, form, generate, manufacture, prepare, produce, shape, bring into being, 
(2) What words refer to something that has been made?
artifact, building, construction, manufactured goods, product, production
(3) What words refer to a person who makes something?
builder, maker, producer, manufacturer
(4) What words describe something that was made?
man-made, hand-made, manufactured, artificial, synthetic 
Change something
Use this domain for words referring to someone changing something.
(1) What words are used to refer to changing something?
change (v), change (n), revise, revision, revolutionize, revolution, reform, reformation, modify, modification, develop, development, make different, impact, process, transform, 
(2) What words refer to a person who changes something?
revolutionary, reformer, radical
(3) What words describe something that can be changed?
changeable
(4) What words describe a big change?
big, major, sweeping, radical, fundamental, revolutionary, monumental, 
(5) What words describe a small change?
small, slight, tiny, minute, 
(6) What words describe a quick change?
quick, fast, rapid, 
(7) What words describe a slow change?
slow, gradual, 
Event propositions
Use this domain for words that indicate event propositions. Event propositions are similar in that they are normally expressed by a subject and a verb, possibly including an object, indirect object, or complement clause. However there are multiple ways in which a language can express an event, such as a passive construction, noun phrase, or subordinate clause. In addition each event type is different in its primary cases, and in the ways those cases are marked. Each event type has subtypes, such as intransitive, transitive, and bitransitive verbs. A great deal of research is needed in order to identify all the variations. Ultimately every verb must be investigated to determine how it behaves in each syntactic construction and how its case relations are marked. No two verbs are entirely alike.
(1) What words indicate an event?
-ing, -'s...-ing,  -ing...of, to, 
Thing
Use this domain for general words referring to things.
(1) What general words refer to a thing?
thing, something, article, artifact, entity, item, object, wares, 
(2) What words refer to a group of things of different types?
things, oddments, paraphernalia, stuff, odds and ends, bits and pieces, knick-knacks, 
(3) What words are used to refer to something when you can't remember what it is called?
what's its name, thingy, thingamajig, whatchamacallit, whatsit, such and such
(4) What words are used to end a list of things to indicate that there are more things in the list?
et cetera, etc., and what not, and so forth, and the like, and on and on, ... [ellipsis] 
Physical, non-physical
Use this domain for words describing something that is physical--that you can touch and see, and for words describing something that is non-physical--that you cannot touch or see.
(1) What words describe something that is physical?
animal nature, biological, bodily, concrete, corporal, corporeal, earthly, earthy, fleshly, incarnate, inferior, matter, material, materialistic, mundane, natural, objective, physical, seen, sensible, sensual, tangible, temporal, unspiritual, worldly
(2) What words refer to something that is physical?
substance, stuff, matter, material
(3) What words describe something that is non-physical?
disembodied, extramundane, extrasensory, immaterial, impalpable, incorporeal, instinctive, intangible, intellectual, libidinal, life, mental, metaphysical, nonphysical, nonmaterial, numinous, otherworldly, preternatural, psychic, psychological, rational, reasoning, spiritual, spiritualist, subjective, supernatural, transcendent, transcendental, unbodied, unearthly, unseen, unworldly, 
(4) What words refer to something that is non-physical?
spirit 
Situation
Use this domain for words referring to a situation--a particular time and place, and the things that are true about it.
(1) What words refer to the general situation that exists in a place?
situation, things, conditions, state of affairs, set-up, context, 
(2) What words refer to a situation that affects what can happen or what people can do? 
situation, circumstances, environment, climate, conditions, the lay of the land, which way the wind blows, scenario, 
(3) What words refer to a situation that exists at some time during a larger event or process?
situation, position, state of play, 
(4) What words refer to the true situation rather than the situation that people think exists?
the picture, the score, what's going on, 
(5) What words refer to the situation a person is in?
situation, circumstances, position, case, plight, 
(6) What words indicate that something must happen or cannot happen because of the situation?
under the circumstances, in the circumstances, given the circumstances, given the situation, as it is, as things stand, force of circumstances, the way things are,  
General adjectives
Use this domain for general adjectives that can replace or stand for a specific adjective.
(1) What general words can replace an adjective?
such, that kind of, that sort of, 
(2) What question words ask for an adjective in the answer?
what kind of, what sort of, 
(3) What question words ask for an ad-adjective in the answer?
how, 
General adverbs
Use this domain for general adverbs that can replace or stand for other adverbs.
(1) What general words can replace an adverb?
thus, thusly, so, how, like this, this way, in that way, in this manner
Part of speech
This domain is for organization purposes and should not be used for any words. Use the domains in this section for words that belong to a particular part of speech. It is best not to use these domains, since they are based on grammar and not meaning. But if you have a small group of words that belong to a part of speech and you want to list them all, you can use these domains. You can also classify words in this section if you don't know what they mean yet.
Adjectives
Use this domain to list all adjectives. If there are many adjectives in your language, you should not try to list them all here. If you want to find all the adjectives, most dictionary programs can sort your dictionary by part of speech. However if your language only has a few adjectives, you can list them all in this domain. In the book, "Where Have All the Adjectives Gone?" R. M. W. Dixon [Dixon, R. M. W. 1982. Where have all the adjectives gone? Berlin: Mouton.] identifies seven universal semantic types that are often expressed by adjectives. They are: Age (new, young, old), Dimension (big, little, long, short, wide, narrow, thick, fat, thin), Value (good, bad, proper, perfect, excellent, fine, delicious, atrocious, poor), Color (black, white, red), Human propensity (jealous, happy, kind, clever, generous, cruel, rude, proud, wicked), Physical property (hard, soft, heavy, light, rough, smooth, hot, cold, sweet, sour), Speed (fast, slow). Words in the Human propensity class may be nouns. Words in the Physical property and Speed classes may be verbs.
(1) What are the adjectives in your language?
young, big, good, black, kind, hot, fast, 
Adverbs
Use this domain to list all adverbs. If there are many adverbs in your language, it is probably not worth the trouble to list them here. The Shoebox program (and other dictionary programs) can sort your dictionary by part of speech.
(1) What adverbs are in your language?
quickly 
Pronouns
Use this domain for the personal pronouns, including independent, subject, object, and possessive pronouns. It is best to collect all the pronouns in a chart. This way you are more certain of collecting them all and seeing how they are related to each other. A language may have more sets and more distinctions than English does, or it may have less. For instance some languages have a pronoun 'we' which includes the hearer, and another pronoun 'we' which excludes the hearer. Other languages have an indefinite pronoun that means something like the English word 'someone'. Many languages do not have the masculine (he), feminine (she), and neuter (it) distinctions that English has. It is necessary to determine the sets and functions of the pronouns for each language.
(1) What general words refer to the class of pronouns?
pronoun
(2) What pronouns refer to the speaker?
I, me, my, mine
(3) What pronouns refer to the speaker and those associated with the speaker?
we, us, our, ours
(4) What pronouns refer to the audience?
you, your, yours
(5) What pronouns refer to the people or things being spoken about?
he, him, his, she, her, hers, it, its, they, them, their, theirs
(6) What pronouns are used for the subject of a sentence?
I, you, he, she, it, we, you, they
(7) What pronouns are used for the object of a sentence?
me, you, him, her, it, us, you, them
(8) What pronouns are used in a possessive phrase?
my, your, his, her, its, our, your, their
(9) What pronouns are used in a possessive clause?
mine, yours, his, hers, its, ours, yours, theirs
(10) What pronouns are used to emphasize the people or things being spoken about, especially when you are emphasizing that one person does something and not someone else?
as for me (I), as for you (you), as for him (he), as for us (we), as for them (they)
Reflexive pronouns
Use this domain for pronouns that refer back to the subject of the sentence. These pronouns should be added to the chart of personal pronouns.
(1) What pronouns express reflexive reference?
self, myself, yourself, himself, herself, itself, ourselves, yourselves, themselves, oneself
(2) What pronouns express reciprocal reference?
each other, one another
Indefinite pronouns
Use this domain for pronouns that do not refer to a definite person or thing, but can refer to anyone or anything. Some languages will not have all the sets of pronouns described below. Add each set you find in your language to the pronoun chart.
(1) What pronouns express indefinite reference of a person?
person, who, someone, anyone, everyone, no one, each one, whoever
(2) What pronouns express indefinite reference of a thing?
thing, what, something, anything, everything, nothing, each thing, whatever, whichever
(3) What pronouns express indefinite reference of a time?
time, period, when, sometime, anytime, every time, never, at no time, each time, whenever, sometimes
(4) What pronouns express indefinite reference of a place?
place, where, somewhere, anywhere, everywhere, nowhere, each place, wherever, which way
(5) What pronouns express indefinite reference of a reason?
reason, why, for what reason, for some reason, for any reason, for each and every reason, for no reason, why ever
(6) What pronouns express indefinite reference of a manner?
manner, means, how, somehow, anyhow, every way, no way, each way, however
(7) What pronouns express indefinite reference of an amount?
amount, how much, however many, however much, plenty 
Relative pronouns
Use this domain for pronouns used in relative clauses.
(1) What pronouns are used in relative clauses?
who, whom, that, which, why
Question words
Use this domain for pronouns used in questions.
(1) What pronouns are used in questions?
who, what, when, where, how, why
Demonstrative pronouns
Use this domain for demonstrative pronouns.
(1) What pronouns are used to indicate a particular referent?
a, an, the, this, these, that, those, specific, 
Personally
Use this domain for words that indicate that someone does something himself, rather than through someone else.
(1) What words are used to indicate that you do something yourself, rather than through someone else?
personally, in person, direct
(2) What words are used to indicate that you make something yourself rather than using a machine?
by hand
Prepositions, postpositions
Use this domain to list all prepositions and postpositions.
(1) What prepositions are in your language?
in, on, at, from, to, away, toward, about,  
Conjunctions
Use this domain to list all conjunctions.
(1) What conjunctions are in your language?
and, or, but,  
Phrase conjunctions
Use this domain to list all phrase level conjunctions--conjunctions that join two words within a phrase.
(1) What conjunctions join two words within a phrase?
and, both...and, or, either...or, neither...nor, but, 
Clause conjunctions
Use this domain to list all clause level conjunctions--conjunctions that join two clauses.
(1) What conjunctions join two clauses?
and, or, while, then, if, because, 
Sentence conjunctions
Use this domain to list all sentence level conjunctions--conjunctions that join two sentences.
(1) What conjunctions join two sentences?
then, so, 
Particles
Use this domain to list all particles.
(1) What particles are in your language?
He lives <just> across the street. 
Classifiers
Use this domain to list all classifiers.
(1) What words indicate the class of something?
(Japanese) -hon (long objects), -mai (flat objects), -ban (order in a series), -nin (people), -fun (minutes), -dai (large vehicles) 
Interjections
Use this domain to list all interjections.
(1) What interjections are in your language?
Wow! Hold on! Good grief! 
Idiophones
Use this domain to list all idiophones. If there are many idiophones in your language, it is probably not worth the trouble to list them here. The Shoebox program
(and other dictionary programs) can sort your dictionary by part of speech.
(1) What idiophones are in your language?
knick-knack, flimflam 
Affixes
Use this domain to list all affixes that do not fit in any of the subdomains under it. This section should be filled out by a linguist.
(1) What affixes are in your language?
-s, -ed, -ing 
Verb affixes
Use this domain to list all verb affixes.
(1) What affixes can be joined to verbs?
-ing, -ed, -s 
Noun affixes
Use this domain to list all noun affixes.
(1) What affixes can be joined to nouns?
-s, -en 
Derivational affixes
Use this domain to list all derivational affixes. A derivational affix is joined to a root and changes it into a different word. Derivational affixes often change the root into a different part of speech. Adding a derivational affix usually changes the meaning of the root in a significant way.
(1) What derivational affixes are there?
un-, a-, self-, super-, -ment, -hood, -ous, -ly, -fy 
Very
Use this domain for words that intensify an attribute.
(1) What words intensify an attribute?
very, really, highly, deeply, real, so, mighty, one, quite, ever so, bloody, decidedly, too, proper, true, extremely, such
(2) What words intensify an attribute to an extreme degree?
extremely, terribly, dreadfully, incredibly, unbelievably, ridiculously, absurdly, remarkably, exceptionally, extraordinarily, terrifically, enormously, hugely, exceedingly, 
(3) What words indicate that an attribute is not intense?
not very, hardly, barely, a little, fairly 
Degree
Use this domain for words that indicate a degree on a scale.
(1) What words refer to the degree of something?
degree, extent, level, thus
(2) What words indicate a degree on a scale?
high, low, greater, lesser, first, primary, secondary, 
(3) What words refer to a marked extent?
up to, as much as, to the degree that
(4) What words refer to a change in degree?
fluctuate, fluctuation, move, vary, 
(5) What words express a comparative degree?
more, -er
(6) What words express a superlative degree?
most, -est
To a large degree
Use this domain for words referring to a large degree.
(1) What words indicate a large degree?
large, great, major, considerable, large scale, huge, enormous, immense, tremendous, high, advanced, rich, 
(2) What words refer to a large degree?
size, magnitude, 
To a small degree
Use this domain for words referring to a small degree.
(1) What words indicate a small degree?
deficient, inappreciably, inconsequentially, insignificantly, lacking, lightly, limited, little, low, merely, moderately, negligibly, piddling, possible, puny, reasonably, relatively, slightly, somewhat, sparingly, temperately, trivial, trivially, 
To a larger degree
Use this domain for words referring to a larger degree.
(1) What words indicate that something is becoming larger in degree?
advance, double, explode, gain, grow, increase, jump, rise, rocket, soar, triple, 
(2) What words refer to the amount by which something became larger?
growth, explosion, hike, increase, rise, 
(3) What words refer to causing something to become larger in degree?
increase, raise, swell
(4) What words indicate that something is larger than another thing in degree?
more than, 
To a smaller degree
Use this domain for words referring to a smaller degree.
(1) What words indicate that something is becoming smaller in degree?
decline, decrease, diminish, drop, dwindle, fall, plummet, slide, tumble, 
(2) What words refer to the amount by which something became smaller?
decline (n), decrease, fall, reduction, tumble
(3) What words refer to causing something to become smaller in degree?
decrease, lower, reduce, 
(4) What words indicate that something is smaller than another thing in degree?
less than, lower, 
Completely
Use this domain for words referring to a complete degree--when something is done, happens, is thought, is felt, etc completely and in every way.
(1) What words indicate that something is done to a complete degree?
completely, fully, totally, entirely, wholly, absolutely, utterly, positively, in every way, in every respect, in every sense, through and through, whole-heartedly, altogether, out-and-out, outright, perfect, perfectly, roundly, solid, solidly, thoroughly, unmitigated, unqualified, utter, 
(2) What general words refer to all of something's attributes or manners?
completely, in every way, 
(3) What words describe something that is done completely?
complete, thorough, full, comprehensive, exhaustive, entire, 
Partly
(1) What words indicate that something is done partly?
partly, partially, to some extent, to a certain extent, to a degree, to some degree, up to a point, in part, sort of, 
(2) What words indicate that something is done one part at a time?
gradually, in stages, step by step, one step at a time, in increments, incrementally, piecemeal, by degrees, little by little, 
Do intensely
Use this domain for words indicating intensity of an action.
(1) What words are used to indicate that something is being done intensely?
intense, intensely, extensively 
Attribution of an attribute
Use this domain for words that modify an attribute.
(1) What words modify an attribute?
fairly, sort of, quite, 
Semantic constituents related to verbs
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that modify verbs.
Tense and aspect
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate tense and aspect.
Tense
Use this domain for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate tense (also known as temporal deixis)--the time of a situation (event, activity, or state) in relation to a reference point, which is usually the time of utterance. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
(1) present: the situation occurs simultaneously with the moment of speech.
(2) past: the situation occurred before the moment of speech.
(3) future: the situation takes place after the moment of speech; the speaker predicts that the situation in the proposition will hold.
(4) crastinal: tomorrow.
(5) hesternal: yesterday.
(6) hodiernal: today, normally with past.
(7) pre-hodiernal: before today.
(8) post-crastinal: after tomorrow.
(9) ancient past: used for narrating events in ancient or mythical time.
(10) remote: combines with other tense labels to indicate a situation occurring temporally distant from the moment of speech.
(11) immediate: a meaning label that may be combined with other tense labels to indicate a situation not simultaneous with the moment of speech, but very close to it.
(12) immediate future: what is about to occur.
(13) immediate past: occurring immediately before the moment of speech. Also called the Recent Past. Do not use this label if there is any sense of current relevance--use anterior for that.
(14) Immediate may also be combined with anterior or imperative.
(15) expected future: the situation is to occur in the near future; what is scheduled to happen.
(16) narrative time: the use of a form with no other past uses for reporting a past narrative.
(17) gnomic present: the situation described in the proposition is generic; the predicate has held, holds, and will hold for the class of entities named by the subject, such as 'Elephants have trunks'. 
(18) What general words refer to the tense of an event?
tense, time
(19) What words are used to indicate the present tense?
(no words or affixes in English)
(20) What words are used to indicate the past tense?
-ed, (in English vowel replacement is also used to indicate past tense, e.g. run, ran)
(21) What words are used to indicate the future tense?
will, going to 
Aspect--dynamic verbs
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate aspects of dynamic verbs. Aspects describe the temporal contours of a situation. They may be combined with any of the tenses, either in the same morpheme or in combinations of morphemes. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
(1) habitual: the situation is customary or usual, repeated on different occasion over a period of time. English 'used to' is past habitual; English 'Nancy sings' is present habitual.
(2) continuous: a single situation is viewed as in progress, as maintained over a period of time; also called "durative." The English "Progressive" is a continuous restricted to dynamic words. English 'I am reading; *I am knowing the number'.
(3) continuative: keep on doing what is being done. Restricted to dynamic words.
(4) progressive: the action takes place simultaneously with the moment of reference, 'to be in the process of...'. This is more restricted than the English Progressive, which may be used for events that are not actually in progress at reference time: 'I am writing a book' may be used even if the speaker is not at that moment writing.
(5) excessive duration: action is extended over a long period of time, longer than normal for that action.
(6) limited duration: action performed for a relatively short or bounded period of time.
(7) iterative: the action is repeated on one occasion; usually restricted to dynamic words, often further restricted to semelfactive words.
(8) frequentative: action occurs frequently, not necessarily habitually, nor necessarily on one occasion, as is the iterative.
(9) imperfective: the situation is viewed as unbounded in the sense that it is habitual, continuous, progressive, or iterative.
(10) perfective: the situation is viewed as bounded temporally. It cannot be simultaneous with the moment of speech; in the non-past it is sometimes interpreted as future.
(11) completive: to do something thoroughly and to completion, e.g. 'to shoot someone dead, to eat up'.
(12) inceptive: the action or event begins. We are distinguishing this from the beginning of a state.
(13) delimited: action is performed only a little.
(14) The preceding terms or "Aspects" are not usually relevant to stative words.
(15) What general words refer to an aspect of an event?
aspect
(16) What words are used to indicate that something has begun?
begin, start, commence, beginning, the start, commencement, initiate, to institute, inception
(17) What do people say when they want someone else to start?
(18) What is a person called who starts something?
(19) What words are used to indicate that someone is attempting to do something?
try, attempt
(20) What words are used to indicate that something is being done quickly?
quick, quickly, rapidly
(21) What words are used to indicate that something happened suddenly?
sudden, suddenly, suddenness, immediate
(22) What words are used to indicate something is continuing?
continue, continuous, keep on
(23) What words are used to indicate that something has been completed?
complete, finish, succeed 
Aspect--stative verbs
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate aspects of stative verbs. Aspects describe the temporal contours of a situation. They may be combined with any of the tenses, either in the same morpheme or in combinations of morphemes. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
(1) state exists: the state is begun before reference time and continues after reference time.
is, 
(2) state commences: beginning of a state of "becoming." Often called Inceptive or Inchoative. If there is a morpheme specifically for this meaning, it is usually derivational and restricted to stative words. However, it is also possible for "Perfects" or "Perfectives" to have this as their use with stative words.
becoming, 
(3) state ends: state existed in the past, but no longer exists. Also a possible meaning of "Perfects" or "Perfectives" in combination with stative words.
no longer, 
(4) state continues: state is continuing a reference time.
still, 
(5) state changes: (self-explanatory).
turn,  
Relational tenses
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate relational tenses. Relational tenses describe situations where the reference time is not the same as the moment of speech. They may be combined with any of the tenses, either in the same morpheme or in combinations of morphemes. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
(1) resulting state (resultative): action in the past produces a state that persists into the present.
be... -en, 
(2) anterior continuing: past action continues into the present: 'I have waited over an hour' ( = and I'm still waiting).
have been... -ing, 
(3) anterior: the situation occurs prior to reference time, and is relevant to the situation at reference time. This is different from a simple past or perfective, where the situation is reported for its own sake and independent of its relevance to any other situation.
have... -en, 
(4) A form that signals a situation that is prior to and relevant to a past reference time will be coded with two meaning labels, past and anterior.
had... -en,  
Agent-oriented modalities
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate agent-oriented modalities. Agent-oriented modalities describe internal or external conditions on a willful agent with respect to the completion of the predicate situation. They may be combined with any of the tenses, either in the same morpheme or in combinations of morphemes. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
(1) ability: the agent of the verb has the mental or physical ability to complete the action of the main verb.
(2) ability, mental: English: 'Melissa can speak Dutch'.
can, 
(3) ability, physical: English: 'Hortense can swim the English Channel'.
(4) attempt: the agent attempts to complete the action specified by the predicate. Note: this has a sense of incompleteness, and I have seen authors call this "Incomplete" and gloss the examples with 'try'.
try to, attempt to, 
(5) desire: the agent of the verb desires or wants to complete the action of the verb.
want to, would like to, 
(6) obligation: the agent is obliged to perform the action of the verb.
(7) obligation, strong: it is absolutely incumbent upon the agent to complete the action of the main verb: 'I have to mail this letter today'.
have to, must, 
(8) obligation, weak: it is recommended that the agent complete the action of the main verb: 'Harry ought to get a haircut before meeting Sue's mother'.
ought to, should, 
(9) permission: the agent is allowed to complete the action of the main verb: 'The students may check books out for two weeks'.
may, 
(10) root possibility: it is possible for the agent to carry out the action of the main verb; i.e. s/he is able and external conditions allow it: 'You can get that kind of paper at Ulbrich's'.
(11) intention: the agent intends to carry out the action of the main verb: 'Sam's gonna take Sanskrit next semester'.
gonna, going to, intend to, 
(12) andative: agent moves away from the deictic center in order to do something, literally 'be going to do something'. Of course such forms are often related to the verb 'to go' and also may have uses of intention and future.
go to, 
(13) venitive: the agent moves toward the deictic center in order to do something, literally 'be coming to do something'. This may be related to the verb 'to come' and may have future uses as well.
come to, 
Can
Use this domain for words indicating that someone can do something.
(1) What words indicate that someone is able to do something?
can, know how to, be able to, have the ability to, capable, 
(2) What words refer to the ability of someone to do something?
ability, capability, prowess, 
(3) What words indicate that someone is not able to do something?
inability, unable, incapable,  
Can't
Use this domain for words related to being incapable of doing something.
(1) What words describe a person's inability to do a job?
can't do something, not be able to do something, cannot, be incapable of, not be capable of, be unable to do something, someone's inability to do something, incompetent, unqualified, unfitted, untrained, not be equipped, be ill-equipped, powerless, 
(2) What words refer to a person's inability to do a job?
incapacity, incompetence, inability, deficiency, lack of training
Necessary 
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he thinks something must happen.
(1) What words indicate that something is necessary?
must, need to, have to, have got to
(2) What words describe something that is necessary?
necessary, compulsory, essential, imperative, indispensable, inevitable, mandatory, obligatory, required, unavoidable, urgent, vital, 
(3) What words refer to something that is necessary?
necessity, need, obligation, prerequisite, requirement, 
(4) What words describe something that is not necessary?
unnecessary, extraneous, incidental, inessential, needless, nonessential, uncalled-for, unessential, unnecessary, unneeded, 
Moods
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate moods.
Imperative 
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate imperatives. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press. Use this domain for words and affixes that a speaker uses to indicate that he is making a command. English has no command word. Some languages change the form of the verb by adding an affix. Some languages have special verbs that are only or normally used as commands. Those verbs could be classified here.
(1) imperative: the verb form used for direct commands in the 2nd person. If there are also 1st and 3rd person forms, the meaning can still be that of imperative, with the 1st and 3rd persons being interpreted as 'Let us, let him...', etc.
(2) optative: the proposition represents the speaker's will. Translated into English as 'May you prosper', 'May we all meet again.' with counterfactual: 'If only he had...', etc.
(3) hortative: the speaker is encouraging or inciting someone to action.
(4) prohibitive: the mood for expressing negative commands. The English is 'Don't'.
(5) admonitive: the command constitutes a warning: 'you had better not...'.
(6) Meanings co-occurring with imperative:
(7) polite: a mild or polite form of command.
(8) delayed: the action of the command is to be carried out in the future rather than immediately.
(9) immediate: the action of the command is to be carried out immediately.
(10) strong: (self-explanatory). 
(11) What words indicate that the sentence is a command?
(12) What affixes indicate that the sentence is a command?
(none in English), (in many Bantu languages) -e  'a verbal suffix indicating that the sentence is a command'
(13) What words are only used in the imperative?
whoa (stop) 
Hortative
Use this domain for ways of saying that someone should do something. If I say someone should do something, I think it is good that he does it.
(1) What words indicate that the speaker is encouraging or inciting someone to action.
urge, request, let, why don't, please
(2) What words indicate that something should be done?
should, ought to, be responsible for, be duty bound, 
(3) What words indicate that something should not be done?
should not, ought not to, caution
(4) What words refer to something a person should do?
duty, responsibility, obligation, onus, requirement, 
(5) What words describe the person who should do something?
responsible, 
(6) What words describe someone who does what he should?
dutiful, responsible 
Interrogative 
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he is asking a question. English has no question word, but other languages such as Japanese do.
(1) What words indicate that the sentence is a question?
(Japanese) ka?  'a particle coming at the end of a sentence to indicate that it is a question'
(2) English has an interjection that is added to a statement that has the effect of questioning something about it.
Epistemic moods
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate epistemic moods. Epistemic moods have the whole proposition in their scope and indicate the degree of commitment of the speaker to the truth or future truth of the proposition. They may be combined with any of the tenses, either in the same morpheme or in combinations of morphemes. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
(1) possibility: the speaker is indicating that the situation described in the proposition is possibly true. Some markers with this meaning also indicate future time: 'He may arrive late because of the weather; It may snow again tomorrow; She could have already taken it'.
may, could, 
(2) probability: the speaker is indicating that the situation described in the proposition is probably true. Some marker with this meaning also indicate future time. This is sometimes called the "Dubitative" in grammars: 'Paula should be home by now'.
should, 
(3) inferred certainty: the speaker infers from evidence that the proposition is true: 'They must have killed a bear here (I can see blood on the snow)'.
must have, 
(4) certainty: the speaker is emphasizing that the proposition is true.
certainly, 
(5) uncertainty: the speaker is emphasizing that s/he doesn't know that the proposition is true.
might, 
(6) indicative: main clause mood that also appears in questions. Contrasts with subjunctive, conditional, and imperative.
[none in English] 
Certainly, definitely
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he thinks something is certainly true or is certain to happen.
(1) What words indicate that something is certainly true?
certainly, absolutely, definitely, there is no doubt, undoubtedly, without a doubt, without doubt, without a shadow of a doubt, unquestionably, be beyond dispute, there's no denying, there are no two ways about it, there is no question
(2) What words indicate that something will certainly happen?
certainly, definitely, be bound to, be sure to, be certain to, be assured of, be only a matter of time, be just a matter of time, cut and dried, you can bet your life, you can bet your bottom dollar, be a certainty, be a foregone conclusion, for sure
(3) What words indicate that something will certainly succeed?
can't go wrong, be a dead cert, it's in the bag, it's a safe bet, it's a sure bet, foolproof
(4) What words refer to doing something in order to be certain that something will happen?
make sure, make certain, insure, ensure, see that, see to it
(5) What words indicate that something is certain to happen and nothing can be done to stop it?
inevitable, whether you like it or not, willy nilly, be fated to, be destined to, predestined, be meant to be, pre-ordained, doomed, the inevitable
(6) What words describe something that is certain?
certain, definite, conclusive
(7) What words indicate that something is certainly not true?
absolute, assurance, assured, can, certain, certainly, certitude, clear, decided, decisive, definite, doubtless, established, fixed, guaranteed, incalculable, incontestable, incontrovertible, indisputable, indubitable, ineluctable, inevitable, infallible, inescapable, inevitable, irrefragable, irrefutable, positive, really, set, settled, single-minded, sure, sureness, trustworthy, unarguable, unavoidable, undeniable, unequivocal, unmistakable, unquestionable, 
Sure
Use this domain for words related to being sure that something is true.
(1) What words indicate that someone is certain about something?
be sure, be certain, be positive, know, know very well, swear, I could have sworn, have no doubt, confident, convinced, satisfied (that), I bet, I'd put money on it, say what you like, 
(2) What words refer to making someone sure about something?
convince 
Probably 
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he thinks something is probable or likely to occur.
(1) What words indicate that something will probably happen?
probably, likely, probable, be a strong possibility, it looks as if, it looks like, chances are, may well, be in the cards, as likely as not, I wouldn't be surprised if, I dare say, I should think, I guess
(2) What words indicate that something is probably true?
probably, likely, probable, it looks as if, it's a fair bet, may well, may easily, as likely as not, I should think
(3) What words indicate that something is very probably true
very probably, very likely, there is a strong likelihood, there is a strong probability, almost certain, be more than likely, in all probability, ten to one
(4) What words indicate that something good will probably happen?
ought to be, should be, promise to be, looks promising, 
(5) What words indicate that something bad will probably happen?
be heading for, be in for, threaten, threat
(6) What words indicate that someone or something will probably be successful?
have a good chance, stand a good chance, be set to do something, be on course
(7) What words indicate that someone will probably do something bad?
be quite capable of, I wouldn't put it past him
(8) What words indicate how probable it is that something will happen?
likelihood, probability, prospect, chances, odds
(9) What words indicate that something is possible but not very probable?
unlikely, improbable, doubtful, remote
(10) What words indicate that someone or something will probably not be successful?
little chance, little hope, little prospect, have little chance, stand little chance, outside chance 
Possible
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he thinks something is possible. Maybe implies that the speaker doesn't know something.
(1) What words indicate that something is possible?
possible, possibly, could, might, may, able, maybe, perhaps, sort of, I guess so
Uncertain
Use this domain for words that indicate that no one is certain that something is true, or when it is impossible to be certain that something is true.
(1) What words indicate that something is uncertain?
uncertain, not be certain, not be clear, it's up in the air, there is uncertainty
(2) What words indicate that something is uncertain, but it is likely that something bad will happen?
uncertain, doubtful, be in doubt, there is doubt about, it's touch and go, hang in the balance, iffy
(3) What words indicate that two things are equally possible?
could go either way, borderline, there's a fifty-fifty chance, it's a toss-up
(4) What words indicate that something is uncertain because people have many different opinions about it?
debatable, questionable, open to question, open to debate, moot point
Unsure
Use this domain for words related to not feeling sure about something or someone.
(1) What words refer to not being sure about something?
not be sure, not be certain, be unsure, be uncertain, not know, doubt, wonder, can't be sure, not be confident, be indefinite about, ambivalent
(2) What words refer to not being sure whether you should do something?
have doubts, have reservations, have misgivings, have mixed feelings, have qualms, hesitant
(3) What words refer to making someone unsure about something?
make someone unsure, make someone uncertain, cause doubt, cause uncertainty, it makes you wonder, raise doubts 
Think so
Use this domain for words indicating that you think something is true, but you are not completely sure about it.
(1) What words indicate that you think something is true, but you are not completely sure about it?
think, think it is possible, believe, bet, would gamble, would wager, guess, reckon, speculate, surmise, suspect, get the impression, have the impression, be under the impression, get the idea, feel, have the feeling, get the feeling, 
(2) What words indicate that you think something is true, but you have no proof of it?
assume, assumption, presume, suppose, imagine, take it for granted, presumably, I take it
(3) What do you say when you think something is true, but you are not sure?
I think so, I guess so, as far as I know, to the best of my knowledge, as far as I'm aware, 
Maybe
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he thinks it is possible that something may happen or be true, but he isn't certain.
(1) What words indicate that maybe something may happen or is true?
maybe, perhaps, may, might, it is possible, possibly, could, who knows?, there's a chance, you never know, conceivably, 
(2) What words indicate that the speaker is guessing about a number or amount, but is not certain?
maybe, perhaps, possibly, 
(3) What words indicate that the speaker is not certain about a suggestion, plan, or idea?
maybe, perhaps,  
Seem
Use this domain for words indicating that something seems to be a certain way--you see (or hear) something and think something about it, but you are not sure that what you think is true.
(1) What words indicate that something seems to be a certain way, but you are unsure?
seem, appear, look, sound, give the impression, have a (certain) look, come across as, show signs of, strike someone as, have all the hallmarks of, an air of, give the impression, 
(2) What words indicate that someone seems to be doing something, or something seems to be happening?
seem, appear, 
(3) What words indicate that something seems to be happening, or something seems to be true?
it seems, it appears, it looks as if, apparently, to all appearances, by all appearances, seemingly, on the face of it, on the surface, outwardly, 
(4) What words describe something, such as a feeling or quality, that someone or something seems to have?
apparent, seeming, superficial, 
(5) What words indicate that, because something seems to be a certain way, you think something is true?
judging by, judging from, going by, from, from the way, you'd think, anyone would think, 
(6) What words indicate that someone or something is not what it seems to be?
there's more to someone/something than meets the eye, deceptive, deceptively, not be what you/it seem, 
(7) What words refer to what you think or feel because of what someone or something seems?
impression, feeling, 
(8) What words refer to the way something seems to appear?
appearance, semblance of,  
Just, almost not
Use this domain for words indicating that although something is true, it almost is not true.
(1) What words indicate that although something is true, it almost is not true?
just, almost didn't, nearly didn't, only just, narrowly, barely, 
(2) What words indicate that something bad almost happened, but it did not?
narrowly missed, close shave
(3) What words indicate that you did something, but almost didn't do it?
just, only just, barely, be a near thing, be a close thing, by the skin of your teeth
(4) What words indicate that you can do something, but it is difficult?
can hardly, can barely, can scarcely
(5) What words indicate that something is a particular amount, but not much more?
just, only just, barely 
Don't think so, doubt it
Use this domain for words indicating that you think something is unlikely to be true or to happen.
(1) What words indicate that you think it is very unlikely that something is true or will happen?
don't think, doubt, be doubtful, be dubious, I'd be surprised if, I think not, I wouldn't have thought so 
Impossible
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses to indicate that he thinks something is impossible.
(1) What words indicate that something cannot be done?
impossible, not possible, impracticable, there's no way, out of the question, hopeless, impractical
(2) What words indicate that your situation makes it impossible for you to do something?
impossible, not have a hope, not stand a chance, can't possibly, that's out, with the best will in the world, do the impossible
(3) What words indicate that something cannot happen?
impossible, not possible, can't, couldn't, impossibility, inconceivable, unthinkable, by any/no stretch of the imagination, there's no way
(4) What words indicate that something is impossible to get?
unattainable, out of reach
(5) What words indicate that one thing makes something else impossible?
make something impossible, rule out, preclude
(6) What words indicate that something is impossible?
absurd, impenetrable, impervious, inaccessible, inoperable, insurmountable, no chance, no earthly way, outlandish, preposterous, ridiculous, unable, unachievable, unapproachable, undoable, unfeasible, unimaginable, unworkable,  
Evidentials
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate evidentials. An evidential is when the speaker indicates the source of the information on which an assertion about a situation is based. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
(1) direct evidence: the speaker claims to have witnessed the situation, but does not specify the type of sensory evidence.
I was there and..., 
(2) visual evidence: the speaker claims to have seen the situation described.
with my own eyes I saw..., 
(3) auditory evidence: the speaker claims to have heard the situation described.
with my own ears I heard..., 
(4) sensory evidence: the speaker claims to have physically sensed the situation described. This can be in opposition to one or both of the above senses (i.e. any other sense), or it can indicate sensory evidence that is not further specified (i.e. any sensory evidence).
(5) indirect evidence: the speaker claims not to have witnessed the situation, but does not specify further whether the evidence is reported or simply inferred.
I wasn't there but..., 
(6) reported evidence: the speaker claims to know of the situation described via verbal means, but does not specify whether it is second-hand, hearsay, or via folklore.
I heard that..., 
(7) second-hand evidence: the speaker claims to have heard of the situation described from someone who was a direct witness.
(8) evidence from hearsay: the speaker claims to have heard about the situation described, but not from a direct witness.
it is rumored that..., 
(9) evidence from folklore: the speaker claims that the situation described is part of established oral history (e.g., mythology).
according to our ancestors..., 
(10) inferred evidence: the speaker infers the event/action, but does not specify whether the inference is based on observable results or on a purely mental process.
(11) inference from results: the speaker infers the situation described from the evidence at hand (i.e. from the observable results of the causing event/action.)
from the results I would say..., 
(12) inference from reasoning: the speaker infers the situation described on the basis of intuition, logic, a dream, previous experience, or some other mental construct.
I figure that..., I conclude that...,  
Evaluator
Use this domain for words indicating who is evaluating the proposition.
(1) What words indicate who is evaluating the proposition?
to, in my opinion, 
(2) What words indicate that you heard what you are saying from someone else?
according to, rumor has it, they say, people say, there is talk of, apparently, supposedly, be rumored to be, 
Yes
Use this domain for words that affirm or agree with the truth of something, or that answer a yes/no question in the affirmative.
(1) What words are used to affirm the truth of something?
yes, yeah, yea, indeed, true, that's true, it is true, verily, agreed, certainly, of course, that's right, I guess so, that is so, a-huh, nod your head, affirmative, positive
(2) What words are used to refer to the action of affirming the truth of something?
affirm, affirmation, confirm, concur, agree, agreement 
No, not
Use this domain for words that negate or deny the truth of something, or that answer a yes/no question in the negative.
(1) What words are used to negate the truth of something?
no, none, not, nay, uh-uh, no one, nothing, never, nowhere, no indeed, by no means, certainly not, most certainly not, absolutely not, shake your head, negative
(2) What words are used to refer to the process of denying the truth of something?
deny, denial, negate, negation, disavow, disavowal, contradict, contradiction, repudiate, repudiation
(3) What are the noun forms of these words? 
Markers expecting an affirmative answer
Use this domain for words indicating that an affirmative answer is expected to a question.
(1) What words are used to indicate that an affirmative answer is expected to a question?
n't, 
Markers expecting a negative answer
Use this domain for words indicating that a negative answer is expected to a question.
(1) What words are used to indicate that a negative answer is expected to a question?
n't...are you, 
Subordinating particles
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate a subordinate clause. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
(1) subordinating: Often there are special verb forms or morphemes associated with the verb that occur obligatorily in subordinate clauses of certain types. The extent to which such morphemes can be said to have "meaning" varies, since they often co-occur with other markers of subordination. Their function is primarily to signal the type of subordinate clause.
(2) Complement clauses: A main verb may take as its direct object a clause. These are often referred to as "Noun clauses" or "Noun complements". The verb form of the subordinate clause is usually determined by the semantics of the main verb, so in this case, our meaning labels will just refer to the context. If a verb form occurs in the complements to words of thinking and believing, the meaning label will be complement to words of thinking and believing.
(3) complement to words of thinking
(4) complement to words of believing
(5) complement to words of saying
(6) complement to words of ordering (in English we use an infinitive with these words)
(7) complement to words of wanting (again in English these are done with infinitives)
(8) complement to words of emotion (surprise, regret, happiness, sadness, etc.; the complement proposition is presupposed to be true)
(9) complement to words of obligation
(10) complement to words of admonition
(11) subsequent: following a reference time in the past.
(12) subordinator: marker indicates that the verb is in a subordinate clause. 
Adverbial clauses
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate adverbial clauses. The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
(1) There are a variety of adverbial clauses (other than conditional clauses) that sometimes require a special verb form. The meaning labels for these uses are coded according to the type of clause (purpose, concessive, etc.), whether any particular temporal deixis is part of the meaning, and under "co-occurrence restrictions," whether a particular conjunction is present. The types of clauses we might run into are:
(2) purpose: the clause states the purpose for which the main clause action is taking place. Often called a "final" clause: 'He was saving his money so that his son could go to college'.
so that
(3) concessive: translated in English as 'although, even though, despite the fact that': 'She was saving her money, even though she was a wealthy woman'.
although, even though, despite the fact that 
Case
Each verb has a set of semantic case relations. For instance in the sentence 'I gave flowers to my wife' the verb give has three case relations. 'I' is the Agent,
'flowers' is the Patient, and 'my wife is the 'Recipient'. In this sentence the only word that marks a case relation is 'to'. English often marks case relations by their position in the sentence. Some languages mark case relations by affixes, prepositions, postpositions, and sometimes special verbs. To completely describe a language, each verb must be investigated, all its case relations must be identified, and all the ways in which these relations are marked must be described. Since verbs are often unique and unpredictable in their case relations, this information should go into the dictionary. This section should be used to classify the words and affixes that are used to mark case relations. This domain should be used for technical terms that refer to case.
(1) What words are used to refer to case?
case, declension 
Primary cases
Use this section for primary cases.
(1) What words indicate the subject of a sentence?
(2) What words indicate the object of a sentence?
(3) What words indicate the indirect object of a sentence?
to,  
Beneficiary of an event
Use this domain for words that mark the beneficiary of an event. The sentence "John built a house for his father" is ambiguous. If the house was for his father to live in, then "for" would mark the 'Beneficiary of a patient', meaning that the house was for the father. If, on the other hand, the father was intending to build the house to sell, but couldn't due to an injury, then "for" would mark the 'Beneficiary of an event', meaning the father benefited from the building of the house.
(1) What words mark the beneficiary of an event?
for, for (someone's) sake, for the sake of, for (someone's) benefit, for the benefit of
Instrument
Use this domain for words that mark an instrument used to do something.
(1) What words mark the instrument used to do something?
with, using
Means
Use this domain for words indicating the means by which something is done.
(1) What words indicate the means by which something is done?
by, by means of
Way, manner
Use this domain for words indicating the way or manner in which something is done.
(1) What words indicate the way you do something or the way something is done?
way, manner, style, fashion, how, thus, mode, 
(2) What question words ask for the manner in which something is done?
(3) What words indicate that something is done in a particular way?
in a ... way/manner/fashion, with, like, along ... lines, as if, as though, with an air of, 
(4) What words indicate the way in which something happened?
in, 
Attendant circumstances
Use this domain for words indicating the attendant circumstances in which something happened.
(1) What words indicate attendant circumstances?
in
Spatial location of an event
Use this domain for words indicating the spatial location of an event.
(1) What words indicate the location of an event?
at
Source (of movement)
Use this domain for words that mark the Source (original location) of something.
(1) What words indicate the Source of movement?
source, from
Path (of movement)
Use this domain for words indicating the Path of movement.
(1) What words indicate the Path of movement?
via, course, route, 
Goal (of movement)
Use this domain for words indicating the Goal of movement.
(1) What words indicate the Goal of movement?
to, destination, 
Origin (of a person)
Use this domain for words that mark the place where someone was born or the place where they have been living.
(1) What words indicate the place where someone was born?
from, be from (the tribe, or country), 
(2) What words refer to the place where a person is from?
home town,  
Semantically similar events
Use this section for words that join semantically similar events into one sentence. Each sentence is actually reporting two or more situations, which may differ in one or two respects. The words to be included in these domains indicate that two situations are being reported, or mark the differences between the two situations.
Together
Use this domain for words indicating when two or more people each do the same thing and do it together, or when they do it separately.
(1) What words indicate that some people do something together?
together, 
(2) What words indicate that some people do something separately?
separately, 
With, be with
Use this domain for words indicating a person who accompanied the subject of a proposition.
(1) What words indicate a person who accompanied the person who is the subject of the clause?
with, be accompanied by, company, in someone's company, in someone's presence, contact, along with, together with, 
With, do with someone
Use this domain for words indicating a person who does something with another person who is the subject of the sentence.
(1) What words indicate someone who goes somewhere with another person?
with, along, 
(2) What words indicate someone who does something with another person?
with, in conjunction with, in partnership with, in collaboration with, side by side with, shoulder to shoulder with, 
(3) What words indicate someone who does something bad with another person?
in league with, in collusion with, in cahoots with, hand in glove with, 
(4) What words refer to someone who does something with another person?
partner, companion, fellow (student), sidekick,  
Each other
Use this domain for words indicating that two or more people do something to each other.
(1) What words indicate that two people do something to each other?
each other, one another, each...the other, exchange, trade, reciprocate, 
(2) What words describe something that people do to each other?
mutual, reciprocal, two-way, 
In groups
Use this domain for words indicating that the subjects of a clause do something in groups.
(1) What words indicate that something is done in groups?
in, by
Patient-related cases
Use this section for cases that bear a relationship to the 'Patient' of a proposition.
Beneficiary (of a patient)
Use this domain for words that mark the beneficiary of the Patient of an activity. The Patient is often expressed as the object of a sentence. In the sentence
"John built a house for his parents," the house is the Patient. It is the house that benefits the parents, not the building of the house.
(1) What words mark the beneficiary of a Patient?
for
(2) In English the Beneficiary can be the object, but many languages do not allow this.
Recipient (of a patient)
Use this domain for words that mark the recipient of the Patient of an activity. The Patient is usually expressed as the object of a sentence.
(1) What words mark the recipient of a patient?
to
(2) In English the Recipient can be the object, but many languages do not allow this.
With (a patient)
Use this domain for words that mark a second Patient that accompanies the primary Patient of an activity. In this type of sentence there are actually two Patients, but one of them has more prominence than the other. The primary patient is usually expressed as the object of the sentence. The second Patient may be marked by an oblique case or preposition/postposition. For instance it may be conceived as accompanying the first Patient.
(1) What words mark something that is used with another thing?
with, together with, combined with, in combination, in conjunction with, alongside, along with, 
Connected with, related 
Use the domains in this section for words that indicate a logical relation between two or more words or sentences. Use this domain for words that indicate an unspecified logical relation between people, things, or situations.
(1) What words indicate that two things or situations are connected somehow?
be connected (with), be related (to), be linked (with), be associated (with), there is a link between, there is a connection between, be bound up with, go hand in hand, relate, relation, be a relationship between, relationship, have something to do with, be something to do with, be intertwined, tied, pertain, be relative to, 
(2) What words indicate that two people are connected somehow?
be connected with, have links, have connections with, be linked with, 
(3) What words indicate that two things are connected because they are similar in some way?
related, associated, allied, 
(4) What words indicate that several things are connected somehow?
interconnected, interrelated, 
(5) What words refer to showing that there is a connection between two things?
connect, link, associate, make a connection, establish a link, establish a connection, relate, correlate, 
(6) What words refer to something that connects two things?
connection, relationship, link (between), point of contact, association, tie, relation, correlation, interplay, 
(7) What words indicate that there is no connection between two things?
no connection, unrelated, unconnected, 
(8) What words indicate that something someone says has no connection with the topic being discussed?
irrelevant, be beside the point, have nothing to do with, be nothing to do with, be neither here nor there, doesn't come into it, be a red herring, 
Coordinate relations
Use this section for words indicating coordinate relations. Do not put any words in this domain. It is only for organizational purposes.
And, also
Use this domain for words that indicate that you are adding another thought to a previous thought. Words in this domain may indicate a variety of relationships between words, phrases, clauses, or sentences. For instance the words may join two clauses that are the same except that the subjects are different, or the objects are different, or the verbs are different.
(1) What words indicate that you are adding another thought to a previous one?
and, also, too, besides, besides this, as well, so do I/so has she/so are they, in addition, not to mention, likewise, both...and, and also, again, further, in addition to, not only...but also, some...others, first...then, let me add
(2) What words indicate that you are adding something new to what you just said?
and, also, furthermore, moreover, what's more, besides, by the way, incidentally, 
(3) What words indicate that you could add more things to the end of a list?
and so on, and so on and so forth, et cetera, etc, and whatever, or whatever, and the like, and suchlike, 
(4) What words indicate that you are adding another in a list of thoughts?
first, second, third, firstly, secondly, thirdly, in the first/second/third place, first of all, to begin with, to start with, finally, lastly, to conclude, in conclusion, last but not least,  
Or, either
Use this domain for words indicating an alternative relation between two things or propositions.
(1) What words indicate alternative relation?
or, either...or, alternatively, nor, otherwise, alternative, optional, 
Association
Use this domain for words indicating an association between two things.
(1) What words indicate association?
with, among, together with, between...and, be one with, in common, in union with, union 
Combinative relation
Use this domain for words indicating a combinative relation between two things.
(1) What words indicate combinative relation?
with, together with, combined with, mixed with, 
But
Use this domain for words indicating a contrast between two thoughts that are different in some way.
(1) What words indicate that someone wants to do something, but is not able to do it?
but, however, 
(2) What words indicate that something seems to be true, but is not true?
(3) What words indicate that something is true in spite of facts or problems that make it seem unlikely?
but, yet, still, nevertheless, even so, anyway, all the same, in spite of this, despite this, for all that, though, although, 
(4) What words indicate that an opinion is different than the opinion you have just given?
but, however, on the other hand, at the same time, having said that, mind you, 
(5) What words indicate that something is true of one person or thing, but not true of another?
but, however, whereas, while, by contrast, conversely, 
(6) What words indicate that although one person or thing is similar to another, there is a difference between them?
but, only, except, except for the fact that, 
(7) What words indicate that something could happen, but something else prevented it from happening?
but, only, except, 
(8) What words indicate that the opposite of something is true?
on the contrary, contrary to, in contrast, as opposed to, 
Except
Use this domain for words indicating that something is an exception to a group, rule or pattern--something is true of all the things (or people) in a group, but it is not true of one thing.
(1) What words indicate that something is not included in a group, rule, or pattern?
except, except for, apart from, aside from, bar, excepting, but for, but, with the exception of, but not, 
(2) What words refer to something that is not included in a group?
exception,  
Instead
Use this domain for words indicating that something is true of one thing (or person) instead of another thing.
(1) What words indicate that something is true of one thing instead of another thing?
instead, rather than, in place of, in preference to, in favor of, in lieu, 
(2) What words indicate that something is true of one person instead of another person?
instead, in someone's place, for, on someone's behalf, 
Dissociation
Use this domain for words indicating a dissociation relation between two things or propositions.
(1) What words indicate dissociation?
without, not with, no relationship to, apart from, independent of, from, free from, separated from 
Distribution
Use this domain for words indicating that an event is distributed throughout a group, area, or time span.
(1) What words indicate distribution?
throughout, through, from...to, after, each, apiece
Equivalence
Use this domain for words indicating equivalence between two things or propositions.
(1) What words indicate equivalence?
that is, that means, i.e.,  
Dependency relations
Use this domain for words indicating that something is dependent on another thing.
(1) What words express the fact that something is logically dependent on another?
to depend on, that depends, depend upon, dependency, dependent, hang on, tied to, lean on, stand on, supportive relationship
Derivation 
Use this domain for words indicating that something derives from another thing.
(1) What words express the fact that something is derived from another?
derive, derived from, derivation, rooted in the past, 
Limitation of topic
Use this domain for words indicating the topic that is being talked about.
(1) What words indicate the specific area or topic that is being talked about?
specify, specified, specification, specifically in regard to, with regard to, in the case of, concerning, in the area of, in, with, between...and, as touching, particular, particularly, more especially
In general
Use this domain for words indicating that something is generally true, but not true in every case.
(1) What words indicate that something is generally true?
in general, generally, mostly, on the whole, in most cases,  
Relations involving correspondences
Use this domain for words indicating relations involving correspondences--a situation in which one thing is the same or similar in some respect to something else.
(1) What words indicate that one thing corresponds to another?
correspond to, correspondence, in accordance with, in relation to, according to, in line with, in proportion to, to apply to, to regard as applicable to, in keeping with
Basis
Use this domain for words indicating that something is the basis for another thing.
(1) What words indicate that one thing is the basis for another?
basis, foundation, on the basis of, in view of, by virtue of, be the basis of, form the basis of, on what basis? What do you base your...?
Cause
Use this domain for words that indicate that someone or something is the cause for an event or state, that one event is the cause for another event or state, or that an event or state is reasonable (having sufficient cause). For instance in the sentence, "John caused David to fall," "John caused" is an enabling proposition that brings about the primary proposition "David fell."
(1) What words indicate that someone caused something to happen?
made, cause
(2) What words indicate that something is the cause or reason for an event or state?
cause, reason, source, because, because of, for this reason, for the above reasons, for the following reasons, first cause, origin, breed (v), gives birth to, due to, owing to, thus
(3) What words indicate that something is reasonable?
reasonable
Reason
Use this domain for words that reason why someone does something.
(1) What words reason why someone does something?
reason, motive, motivation
(2) What words refer to a reason that explains why something happened?
reason, explanation,  
Without cause
Use this domain for words that indicate that an event or state has no cause or reason, or is unreasonable (has insufficient cause).
(1) What words indicate that something has no cause or reason?
without cause, unreasonable, without basis, absurd, for no reason, by itself
(2) What words indicate that something is contrary to reason?
contrary to reason, absurd
(3) What words indicate that something is self-caused?
Result
Use this domain for words indicating that something is the result of another thing.
(1) What words indicate the result of something?
result, outcome, end, to result in, to lead to, wages, to end up being, have as a consequence, therefore, so then, consequently, as a result, for this reason, with the result that, so that as a result, to cause, which caused, so that, that, accordingly, then, hence, and so, yield, has the effect of 
Without result 
Use this domain for words indicating that something had no result.
(1) What words indicate that something had no result?
without result, without effect, in vain, to no avail, with no result, have no discernable effect, pointless, useless, worthless, be left with nothing, not yield 
Purpose 
Use this domain for words indicating that something was done for the purpose of another thing happening.
(1) What words indicate the intended purpose of something?
for, for the purpose of, for the sake of, with the purpose of, to, in order to, so that, to show that, 
(2) What words indicate that the purpose is so that something will not happen?
in order that...not, so that...not, lest
Without purpose 
Use this domain for words indicating that something had no purpose.
(1) What words indicate that there is no purpose to an action?
without purpose, for no purpose, in vain, purposeless, senseless, chance, indiscriminate, meaningless, pointless, undirected,  
Condition
Use this section for verbal auxiliaries, affixes, adverbs, and particles that indicate a clause in a conditional sentence (If this is true, then that is true). The following definitions are taken from Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins, and William Pagliuca. 1994. The evolution of grammar. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press.
(1) Conditional sentences: Conditional sentences consist of two clauses, the 'if'-clause or protasis (which is a subordinate clause) and the 'then'-clause or apodosis (which is the main clause). Both of these clauses may take special verb forms. (Interestingly enough, they sometime both take the same special verb forms.)
(2) There are at least three types of conditional sentences. (Labels, explanations, and examples from Li and Thompson 1981): [Li, Charles N., and Sandra A. Thompson. 1981. Mandarin Chinese: A functional reference grammar. Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press.]
(3) reality condition: a conditional relation between two propositions referring to the so-called real world: 'If you see my sister, you will know that she is pregnant'.
(4) hypothetical: the situation is unreal or imagined, but one that could be true: 'If we moved, we could have a garden'.
(5) counterfactual: the proposition describes an unreal or imagined situation that could have been true but was not: 'If you had taken algebra, you would know this formula' (but you did not).
(6) The verb forms that occur in these sentences will be coded according to the type of sentence, and according to which clause of the sentence they occur in.
(7) Example: the English 'had' + past participle would be coded as:
(8) meaning label:  protasis
(9) meaning label: counterfactual
(10) Since the conjunction 'if' obligatorily occurs in the protasis, there will also be the following:
(11) Co-occurrence restriction: 'if'
(12) This indicates that a morpheme meaning 'if' obligatorily occurs in the protasis. If no such morpheme is necessary, then there will be no co-occurrence restriction.
(13) What words indicate the condition of a conditional sentence?
condition, if, if indeed, if at all, whether...or, or else, otherwise, unless
Concession
Use this domain for words indicating that the speaker is conceding a point in a debate.
(1) What words indicate that the speaker is conceding a point?
concession, although, though, even though, and yet, even if, nevertheless 
Discourse markers
Use this domain for conjunctions and particles that function on the discourse level, and whose meaning and function is uncertain.
(1) What discourse markers are in your language?
just, you know, OK, yeah, like 
Markers of transition 
Use this domain for conjunctions that simply move the discourse forward without any specific relationship indicated between what comes before and what comes after.
(1) What words are used to join two clauses or sentences without specifying the relationship between them?
and, then, but, now, it happened that, it came to pass that, one day, my next topic is, my next point is, now about 
Markers of emphasis 
Use this domain for words that indicate that the phrase or sentence is particularly important.
(1) What words indicate that a phrase or sentence is important?
then, indeed, surely, so, certainly, in fact, actually, how, you know, really, sure, just, you know don't you that, how much more, emphatically, absolutely, without question, no way, of course, obviously, you've got to be kidding, it is just that, the only thing is, one thing that, in reality, only that, as it were, just as you can see, as you know, without a doubt, don't you remember, I am convinced that 
Prompters of attention 
Use this domain for words that are used to get someone's attention or direct the listener's attention to something. These may use a verb meaning 'look' or 'listen'. Some may be a word specifically referring to attention. Others may be a greeting. Others may be words that refer to non-verbal communication such as clearing your throat.
(1) What words are used to get someone's attention?
you, you there, hey you, hello, excuse me, attention, attention please, may I have your attention please, pay attention, listen up everybody, now hear this, and now for an important announcement, and now for a word from our sponsor, just a moment, wait a minute, lend me your ears, look here, ahem
(2) What words are used to direct someone's attention to something?
behold, look, will you look at that, get a load of this, (point)
(3) What words are used to warn someone of danger?
watch out, look out, heads up, hit the dirt, get out of the way, here it comes, oh no, (scream)
(4) What non-verbal means are used to get someone's attention
clear throat, whistle, raise hand 
Markers of direct address 
Use this domain for words that the speaker uses to refer to the person he is addressing. These words are usually used when you start talking to someone, but can be used during a speech or conversation to refer to the person you are talking to.
(1) What words are used when you start talking to someone?
O, sir, ma'am, ladies and gentlemen, men and brothers, (look) you, (listen) all of you
Markers of identificational and explanatory clauses 
Use this domain for words that begin a clause that identifies a specific case or example of what has just been said, or that explains what has just been said. Specific case: I have just mentioned a general class of things or a general idea and want to give a specific example of what I am talking about. Explanation: I have just said something and I think people might misunderstand, so I want to explain what I mean. Digression: I am talking about a particular topic, but want to say something that does not fit into my topic, so I say something that is about a different topic.
(1) What words are used to identify a specific case?
that, namely, namely that, that is, i.e.
(2) What words are used to introduce an example?
for example, e.g., as follows, as below, such as, let me give you an example, to illustrate
(3) What words are used to introduce an explanation?
what I mean is, that is to say, let me add, allow me to explain, it's like
(4) What words are used to introduce a conclusion?
which shows that, so we find, so we see
(5) What words mark a digression?
let me just insert, as an aside, this is off the subject, oh by the way 
Markers of focus
Use this domain for words indicating that one of several things is in focus.
(1) What words focus especially on one of several things?
especially, particularly, particular, most of all 
Hesitation fillers
Use this domain for words that a speaker uses when he hesitates or pauses while he is speaking in order to think about what he is saying.
(1) What words are used when a speaker hesitates or pauses to think?
um, uh, er, hmm, yeah, let's see, hold on a minute, let me see, let me think 
Honorifics 
Use this domain for words that the speaker uses to show respect or a lack of respect to the person he is addressing. Some languages have elaborate systems of honorifics. Other languages have none. Languages with a stratified social structure often use honorifics. Egalitarian societies generally lack them, but some egalitarian societies may use them. For instance in Nahuatl there are four levels of honorifics. Level 1 is how one addresses intimates, small children, and pets. Level 2 is for strangers and persons treated formally. Level 3 is for respected persons, the dead, and God. Level 4 is for obsequious respect, as for the archbishop in an interview with a priest, and for ritual kin. (Jane H. Hill and Kenneth C. Hill. 1978. Honorific usage in modern Nahuatl: the expression of social distance and respect in the Nahuatl of the Malinche Volcano area, Language 54:123-155.) In Japanese, which has a stratified social structure, a person uses one set of words and affixes when speaking to someone below you in the social hierarchy, such as your wife, children, and pets. A different set of words is used when speaking to peers. Another set is used when speaking to a superior. A fourth set is used when speaking to the emperor. English used to have two pronouns for second person singular. 'Thou' was used for equals and inferiors, and 'you' was used for superiors. Your language may have special honorific words used as (1) pronouns, (2) affixes, (3) particles, (4) terms of direct address, (5) greetings (6) requests, (7) apologies.
(1) What pronouns are used to show respect or a lack of respect?
thou (archaic), you (archaic), 
(2) What affixes are used to show respect?
(3) What particles are used to show respect?
please, 
(4) What terms of direct address are used to show respect?
sir, ma'am, your honor, your majesty, 
(5) What words are used in greetings to show respect?
hey, hi, hello, pleased to meet you, 
(6) What words are used in requests to show respect?
may, can, 
(7) What words are used in apologies to show respect?
sorry, excuse me, I beg your pardon, 
Name
Use this domain for general words referring to proper nouns--the name given to a particular person or thing to distinguish it from other things like it. Proper nouns are often not included in a dictionary, or are included in an appendix at the front or back of a dictionary. This is because there are so many of them, they are sometimes difficult to define, and it saves space in the dictionary. For instance place names can be included in a map. So it might be good to type the proper nouns into a special file.
(1) What general words refer to the name of a person, place, or thing?
name, proper noun, 
(2) What words refer to giving a name to someone or something?
name (v), call, christen,  
Name of a person
Use this domain for words related to the name of a person. Each culture has a system of personal names to identify individuals and kin groups. The subcategories under this heading should reflect the cultural system. If your language has a special set of names that do not fit any of they domains given here, then set up a special domain.
(1) What words refer to the name of a person?
name, proper name, proper noun, first name, given name, personal name, middle name, last name, family name, father's name, surname, maiden name, initial, title, identity, 
(2) What words refer to a name your family or friends use for you that is not your real name?
nickname, pet name
(3) What words refer to a name you use for yourself that is not your real name?
false name, pseudonym, pen name, stage name, alias, a.k.a. (also known as), under the name of, under an assumed name, go by the name of, 
(4) What words are used to refer to someone when you can't remember what they are called?
what's his/her name, whatchamacallit, whatsit, so and so, 
(5) What words describe someone whose name is not known?
anonymous, unnamed, unidentified, incognito, unknown, nameless, 
(6) What words refer to discovering or stating the name of someone whose name has not been known?
name, identify, 
(7) What words are used to indicate a person's name?
someone's name is, be called, be known as, named, 
(8) What words refer to giving someone a name?
name (v), call, be christened, give a name to, choose a name, pick a name, call him/her 'name'
(9) What words refer to the reason why someone is given a name?
be named for, be named after, namesake
(10) When is a name given?
naming ceremony, christening
(11) What words refer to writing your name?
sign (your name), signature 
Personal names
Use this domain for those names that are given to people, that people use to call to each other and to talk about each other.
(1) What are the given names used by people in the language group?
John, David, Mary, Elizabeth
Family names
Use this domain for the proper names of the families that exist within the language community. If your culture does not use family names, just leave this domain empty.
(1) What names are used by all the members of a family?
Smith, Jones, MacDonald, Johnson
Clan names
Use this domain for the proper names of the clans that exist within the language community. The distinction between family, clan, tribe, and nation is based on politics and emotion. Our purpose here is not to make political statements, but merely to list the names. There may be no distinction between family and clan, in which case ignore this domain and use the domain 'Family names'.
(1) What are the proper names of the clans?
Hatfields, McCoys, Bear Clan
Tribal names
Use this domain for the proper names of the tribes that exist around the language community, including the name of your own tribe. These tribal names may or may not correspond with the names of countries.
(1) What are the proper names of the neighboring tribes?
Saxons, Scots, Welsh, Picts, Irish, Normans, Vikings, Brits, Americans, Aussies, Kiwis, Sioux, Cherokee 
Names of languages
Use this domain for the proper names of the languages that are spoken in the area around the language community, including the name of your own language. These language names may or may not correspond with the names of countries. Do not try to include every language name in the world, only the neighboring and important ones. For instance you might want to include the languages that border your own and the national language. Give the form that you use. For instance the German people call their language 'Deutsch', but in English we call it 'German'.
(1) What are the names of the languages spoken in the area?
English, Gaelic, Irish, Welsh, Dutch, German, French, Spanish, Pidgin English 
Nickname
Use this domain for common nicknames--an additional name given to a person later in life, often descriptive. Also include general names used to call or refer to someone when you don't know their name
(1) What are the common nicknames?
buddy, buster, guy, gal, bro, sis
(2) What names are used to refer to someone when you don't know their name.
John Doe, Jane Doe, Joe Blow, GI Joe 
Terms of endearment
Use this domain for terms of endearment--a name used by lovers or spouses to express love or intimacy. Some languages may have special names used by close friends.
(1) What are the terms of endearment?
sweetheart, honey, dear 
Name of a place
Use this domain for words referring to the name of a place.
(1) What words refer to the name of a place?
place name 
Names of countries
Use this domain for the proper names of the countries that exist around the language community, especially those countries where your language is spoken. Include the name of your own country. Do not list every country in the world, unless your language has developed special names or pronunciations for those countries. Include any country that you refer to in your language, especially those names whose pronunciation you have adapted to fit your language. Give the form of the name that you use, rather than the official spelling. For instance the Japanese refer to their country as 'Nihon', but in English will call it 'Japan'. So
'Japan' is an English word and should go into an English dictionary. But 'Nihon' is not an English word and should not go in the dictionary.
(1) What are the proper names of the countries where your language is spoken?
Great Britain, United States of America, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Ireland
(2) What are the proper names of the neighboring countries?
Netherlands, Germany, France, Spain, Mexico
(3) What words are used to refer to a citizen of these countries?
Brit, the English, American, Canadian, Aussie, Kiwi
Names of regions
Use this domain for the proper names of the regions within your country or language area. Some of these may be political regions. Others may be informal terms. Give the local pronunciation, rather than some foreign spelling. You may want to limit this domain to just those areas within your language area. However if you have special names for areas outside of your language area, for example 'the Mideast', you should include them.
(1) What are the names of the regions in the area?
Yorkshire, California, Midlands, Midwest, the South, outback 
Names of cities
Use this domain for the proper names of cities, towns, and villages in the language area. Include the names of important cities outside of the language area if your language has a special name for the city or a different pronunciation for it. It might be good to use a map for this. In fact it is good to include a map of the language area in a published dictionary. If your language area is very large, there may be hundreds or thousands of cities, towns, and villages. In this case you will have to decide which should be included in the dictionary. Or you could decided to list them in a special section.
(1) What are the names of the cities in the language area?
London, Washington D.C.
(2) What are the names of districts within a city?
Westminster, Chelsea 
Names of streets
Use this domain for the proper names of highways, roads, streets, and trails in the language area. If there are many such names, only include the important names (e.g. King's Highway) or commonly used names (e.g. Main Street).
(1) What are the names of the streets in the language area?
King's Highway, Highway 66, Main Street, Piccadilly Square, Oregon Trail 
Names of heavenly bodies
Use this domain for the proper names of the heavenly bodies.
(1) What are the names of the planets?
Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto
(2) What are the names of the constellations?
Milky Way, Big Dipper, Orion, Pleiades, Southern Cross
(3) What are the names of the stars?
North Star, Morning Star, Betelgeuse, Alpha Centauri
(4) What are the names of other heavenly bodies?
Halley's Comet 
Names of continents
Use this domain for the proper names of the continents. Only include the names of continents if your language has borrowed or adapted the name and you talk about them in your language.
(1) What are the names of the continents?
Africa, Antarctica, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America, South America,  
Names of mountains
Use this domain for the proper names of the mountains in the language area. Only include the names of mountains outside the language area if your language has borrowed or adapted the name and you talk about them in your language.
(1) What are the names of the mountains in the language area?
Mount Rainier, Mount McKinley
(2) What are the names of the mountain ranges in the language area?
Rocky Mountains, Sierras, Appalachian Mountains 
Names of oceans and lakes
Use this domain for the proper names of the oceans and lakes in the language area. Only include the names of oceans and lakes outside the language area if your language has borrowed or adapted the name and you talk about them in your language.
(1) What are the names of the oceans?
Atlantic Ocean, Pacific Ocean, Indian Ocean, Arctic Ocean, Mediterranean Sea
(2) What are the names of the lakes in the language area?
Lake Superior, Lake Michigan 
Names of rivers
Use this domain for the proper names of the rivers in the language area. Only include the names of rivers outside the language area if your language has borrowed or adapted the name and you talk about them in your language.
(1) What are the names of the rivers in the language area?
Thames, Mississippi, Missouri, Hudson 
Name of a thing
Use this domain for words related to the name of a thing. Many cultures give names to particular buildings, ships, airplanes, organizations, companies, schools, and other things. If your language has hundreds of names for some kind of thing, it is best to not try to list them all. But if there are a few important names for one kind of thing, set up a domain for them.
(1) What words refer to a name for something?
name, proper name, designation, label, nomenclature, tag, title, 
(2) What words are used to indicate the name of something?
be called, be known as, be entitled, be termed, go by the name of, so-called, 
(4) What words refer to a name that is not correct?
misnomer, 
(5) What words describe something that has the name of something but not its qualities?
nominal, in name only, 
(6) What words refer to giving something a name?
call, name, rename,  
Names of animals
Use this domain for words referring to the name of an animal. Some cultures give names to domesticated animals or to animals in stories. Think through each kind of domesticated animal.
(1) What words refer to the name of an animal?
Br'er rabbit
(2) What names are given to dogs?
Lassie, Fifi, Toto 
Names of buildings
Use this domain for words referring to the name of a building.
(1) What words refer to the name of a building?
White House, Capitol 
