Universe, creation|Universi ibi creatio
Use this domain for general words referring to the physical universe. Some languages may not have a single word for the universe and may have to use a phrase such as 'rain, soil, and things of the sky' or 'sky, land, and water' or a descriptive phrase such as 'everything you can see' or 'everything that exists'.|Uti sitam pro generali verba de corporei. Ne in uno verbo limari universi ut habeat ut phrasi imbribus, soil, ac caeli vel caelum et terra et aqua, ut dictum vel describendi omne potes videre vel quidquid est.
(1) What words refer to everything we can see?|(I) se referunt ad omnia quae videmus?
universe, creation, cosmos, heaven and earth, macrocosm, everything that exists|universi creatione mundi, caelum et terram mundus, omne quod
Sky|Caelum
Use this domain for words related to the sky.|Hac uti uerbis ad caelum.
(1) What words are used to refer to the sky?|(I) Quod caelum verbis dici solet?
sky, firmament, canopy, vault|caelum firmamentum, conopeum, crypta
(2) What words refer to the air around the earth?|(II) referunt ad illa quae caeli circuivi terram?
air, atmosphere, airspace, stratosphere, ozone layer|aer, airspace, stratosphere, ozone accumsan
(3) What words are used to refer to the place or area beyond the sky?|(III) Quid ultra spatium loci verbis referre ad caelum
heaven, space, outer space, ether, void, solar system|caeli spatio caelique spatia aetheris scissa solari
(4) What words describe something in the sky or something that happens in the sky?|(IV), quod est in caelo quid intelligitur aliquid fit in caelo?
aerial, heavenly, atmospheric, stratospheric, celestial,|aerea, caelitus, atmosphaericum stratospheric, caelestium,
(5) What words describe the appearance of the sky?|(V) Quid caeli ardentis species affulserat continetur?
blue, clear, black (night), cloudy, cloud filled, brilliant, dark, night sky, foreboding, stormy, dark, star studded|hyacintho patet atri (nox) turbidus, nebula implevit egregie tenebris noctis caelum praesaga imbribus tenebris lucifer bullis
(6) What words refer to the edge of the sky where it meets the ground?|(VI) Quod ubi incidit caeli se referunt ad extremum terra
horizon, skyline|horizon, skyline
(7) What words refer to something in the sky?|(VII) Quod spectat ad caelum?
heavenly body, celestial body, luminary|corpus caeleste corpus caeleste lumen
(8) What words refer to the lights that appear in the northern (or southern) sky?|(VIII) quid in septentrionem lumina dicuntur (sive meridionalis) caelum
aurora borealis, northern lights|aurora borealis, northern luminaria
(9) What words refer to something being in the sky?|(IX) Quid ad aliquid dicuntur in caelum
aloft, up in the sky, up in the air,|escendere in caelum sursum,
Sun|Sol
Use this domain for words related to the sun. The sun does three basic things. It moves, it gives light, and it gives heat. These three actions are involved in the meanings of most of the words in this domain. Since the sun moves below the horizon, many words refer to it setting or rising. Since the sun is above the clouds, many words refer to it moving behind the clouds and the clouds blocking its light. The sun's light and heat also produce secondary effects. The sun causes plants to grow, and it causes damage to things.|Hac uti verba ad solem. Tria sunt praecipua solis. Movet, illuminat et calefacit. Haec tria verba involvunt in hac potissimum rationibus. Movet cum sol sub horizonte ortu occasu aut multa refert. Cum sole interdum supra nubes uolitare multis obsistentibus ad lumen et nubes post nubes movebat. Secundarium effectus producere calor et lux solis. Sol facit crescere plantas et ad damnum.
(1) What words refer to the sun?|(I) Quod spectat ad solem?
sun, solar, sol, daystar, our star|sol, solaris, sol, una lucíferum stella nostra,
