Universe, creation|宇宙，創作
Use this domain for general words referring to the physical universe. Some languages may not have a single word for the universe and may have to use a phrase such as 'rain, soil, and things of the sky' or 'sky, land, and water' or a descriptive phrase such as 'everything you can see' or 'everything that exists'.|使用該域名的一般的話指的是物理世界。有些語言可能沒有宇宙中的一個字，可能要使用諸如“雨，土壤和天空的事”或“天，地，水”或描述性短語，如“一切你可以一個短語看到“或”一切存在“。
(1) What words refer to everything we can see?|（1）什麼字是指一切，我們可以看到什麼？
universe, creation, cosmos, heaven and earth, macrocosm, everything that exists|宇宙，創作，宇宙，天地，大世界，一切存在
Sky|天空
Use this domain for words related to the sky.|使用該域名的相關天空的話。
(1) What words are used to refer to the sky?|（1）用什麼詞來指代的天空？
sky, firmament, canopy, vault|天空，天空，天篷，拱頂
(2) What words refer to the air around the earth?|（2）指圍繞地球的空氣是什麼話？
air, atmosphere, airspace, stratosphere, ozone layer|空氣，大氣，空域，平流層，臭氧層
(3) What words are used to refer to the place or area beyond the sky?|（3）用什麼詞來指地方或地區以外的天空？
heaven, space, outer space, ether, void, solar system|天堂，空間，外太空，乙醚，無效的，太陽系
(4) What words describe something in the sky or something that happens in the sky?|（4）描述的東西在天空或發生的事情在天空中什麼話？
aerial, heavenly, atmospheric, stratospheric, celestial,|航拍，天上，大氣平流層，天體，
(5) What words describe the appearance of the sky?|（5）描述了天空的外觀是什麼話？
blue, clear, black (night), cloudy, cloud filled, brilliant, dark, night sky, foreboding, stormy, dark, star studded|藍，透明黑（夜），陰天，雲繚繞，輝煌，黑暗，夜晚的天空，不祥的預感，暴風雨，黑暗，明星雲集
(6) What words refer to the edge of the sky where it meets the ground?|（6）是指它符合地面天空的邊緣是什麼話？
horizon, skyline|地平線，地平線
(7) What words refer to something in the sky?|（7）是指某事在天空中什麼話？
heavenly body, celestial body, luminary|天體，天體，傑出人物
(8) What words refer to the lights that appear in the northern (or southern) sky?|（8）指的是出現在北部（或南）天燈是什麼話？
aurora borealis, northern lights|北極光，北極光
(9) What words refer to something being in the sky?|（9）是指一些在天空中是什麼話？
aloft, up in the sky, up in the air,|高高舉起，在空中，在空中，
Sun|太陽
Use this domain for words related to the sun. The sun does three basic things. It moves, it gives light, and it gives heat. These three actions are involved in the meanings of most of the words in this domain. Since the sun moves below the horizon, many words refer to it setting or rising. Since the sun is above the clouds, many words refer to it moving behind the clouds and the clouds blocking its light. The sun's light and heat also produce secondary effects. The sun causes plants to grow, and it causes damage to things.|使用這個域名對有關太陽的話。太陽做了三件基本的事情。它的動作，它給光，它給熱。這三個動作都參與了大部分的話在這一領域的含義。由於太陽移動的地平線以下，許多詞是指它的設置或上升。由於太陽在雲層之上，許多詞是指它的移動雲和雲層阻擋了光線的後面。太陽的光和熱也產生二次效應。陽光會使植物生長，並造成損害的事情。
(1) What words refer to the sun?|（1）指的是太陽的話是什麼？
sun, solar, sol, daystar, our star|太陽，太陽，溶膠，晨星，我們的明星
