Universe, creation|宇宙，创作
Use this domain for general words referring to the physical universe. Some languages may not have a single word for the universe and may have to use a phrase such as 'rain, soil, and things of the sky' or 'sky, land, and water' or a descriptive phrase such as 'everything you can see' or 'everything that exists'.|使用该域名的一般的话指的是物理世界。有些语言可能没有宇宙中的一个字，可能要使用诸如“雨，土壤和天空的事”或“天，地，水”或描述性短语，如“一切你可以一个短语看到“或”一切存在“。
(1) What words refer to everything we can see?|（1）什么字是指一切，我们可以看到什么？
universe, creation, cosmos, heaven and earth, macrocosm, everything that exists|宇宙，创作，宇宙，天地，大世界，一切存在
Sky|天空
Use this domain for words related to the sky.|使用该域名的相关天空的话。
(1) What words are used to refer to the sky?|（1）用什么词来指代的天空？
sky, firmament, canopy, vault|天空，天空，天篷，拱顶
(2) What words refer to the air around the earth?|（2）指围绕地球的空气是什么话？
air, atmosphere, airspace, stratosphere, ozone layer|空气，大气，空域，平流层，臭氧层
(3) What words are used to refer to the place or area beyond the sky?|（3）用什么词来指地方或地区以外的天空？
heaven, space, outer space, ether, void, solar system|天堂，空间，外太空，乙醚，无效的，太阳系
(4) What words describe something in the sky or something that happens in the sky?|（4）描述的东西在天空或发生的事情在天空中什么话？
aerial, heavenly, atmospheric, stratospheric, celestial,|航拍，天上，大气平流层，天体，
(5) What words describe the appearance of the sky?|（5）描述了天空的外观是什么话？
blue, clear, black (night), cloudy, cloud filled, brilliant, dark, night sky, foreboding, stormy, dark, star studded|蓝，透明黑（夜），阴天，云缭绕，辉煌，黑暗，夜晚的天空，不祥的预感，暴风雨，黑暗，明星云集
(6) What words refer to the edge of the sky where it meets the ground?|（6）是指它符合地面天空的边缘是什么话？
horizon, skyline|地平线，地平线
(7) What words refer to something in the sky?|（7）是指某事在天空中什么话？
heavenly body, celestial body, luminary|天体，天体，杰出人物
(8) What words refer to the lights that appear in the northern (or southern) sky?|（8）指的是出现在北部（或南）天灯是什么话？
aurora borealis, northern lights|北极光，北极光
(9) What words refer to something being in the sky?|（9）是指一些在天空中是什么话？
aloft, up in the sky, up in the air,|高高举起，在空中，在空中，
Sun|太阳
Use this domain for words related to the sun. The sun does three basic things. It moves, it gives light, and it gives heat. These three actions are involved in the meanings of most of the words in this domain. Since the sun moves below the horizon, many words refer to it setting or rising. Since the sun is above the clouds, many words refer to it moving behind the clouds and the clouds blocking its light. The sun's light and heat also produce secondary effects. The sun causes plants to grow, and it causes damage to things.|使用这个域名对有关太阳的话。太阳做了三件基本的事情。它的动作，它给光，它给热。这三个动作都参与了大部分的话在这一领域的含义。由于太阳移动的地平线以下，许多词是指它的设置或上升。由于太阳在云层之上，许多词是指它的移动云和云层阻挡了光线的后面。太阳的光和热也产生二次效应。阳光会使植物生长，并造成损害的事情。
(1) What words refer to the sun?|（1）指的是太阳的话是什么？
sun, solar, sol, daystar, our star|太阳，太阳，溶胶，晨星，我们的明星
